Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc. Announces Restructuring Support
Agreement with Supermajority of Bondholders
Agreement provides for comprehensive
balance sheet restructuring
MIAMI, FLORIDA, April 8, 2026 – Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc. (the “Company”) today announced that, on April 3, 2026, it entered
into a Restructuring Support Agreement (the “RSA”) with certain funds and accounts managed by Brigade Capital Management, LP,
subsidiaries of Man Group plc, and Bayside Capital, LLC (the “Supporting Investors”) holding in excess of 72% of the outstanding principal
amount of its 9.750% Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (the “Notes”), which Notes are the Company’s only funded debt.
Balance Sheet Restructuring
The RSA outlines the terms of a comprehensive balance sheet restructuring that is expected to significantly reduce the Company’s debt
and position it for the Company’s long-term success. Under the terms of the RSA, the existing common and preferred stock in the
Company and the Notes would be cancelled in the contemplated restructuring. In addition, holders of the Notes would receive 100%
of the common stock in the reorganized Company, subject to issuances of equity to Company management pursuant to a new
management incentive plan, and new secured notes issued by the reorganized Company. The three Supporting Investors, together with
their affiliates, have in excess of $330 billion in assets under management. A copy of the RSA is attached.
The restructuring is expected to strengthen the Company’s balance sheet by significantly reducing debt, lowering interest expense,
extending the maturity of the Company’s notes by over four years, and enhancing liquidity, enabling investment in local programming,
talent, and broadcast infrastructure, as well as the Company’s LaMusica digital platform and other digital growth vectors. With greater
financial flexibility and a simplified capital structure, the Company is expected to be better positioned to expand audience reach, support
advertisers, and deliver compelling content across on-air and digital platforms.
Implementation of the Restructuring
To implement the restructuring transactions, the Company intends to commence voluntary chapter 11 cases under the Bankruptcy
Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Bankruptcy Court”). The Company expects to continue
operating in the ordinary course throughout the process, including continuing wages and benefits for employees, and making critical
vendor payments. The Company has received commitments from the Supporting Investors to provide debtor-in-possession financing,
including backstop commitments, to support the chapter 11 cases and provide the Company with liquidity during the restructuring
process. Subject to certain terms and conditions, the opportunity to participate in the financing will be available to all holders of the
Notes.
As previously announced on March 6, 2026, the Company entered into a forbearance agreement (the “Forbearance Agreement”) with
the Supporting Investors. Following entry into the Forbearance Agreement, the Company and the Supporting Investors continued
discussions to address the maturity of the Notes and strengthen the Company’s capital structure, culminating in the RSA.
The transactions contemplated by the RSA are subject to customary conditions, including approval by the Bankruptcy Court, regulatory
approvals, including FCC approval, and other customary milestones. There can be no assurance that the restructuring will be completed
as described.

Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc.

Page 2

The Company remains focused on serving its varied audiences and customers, supporting its employees, and maintaining strong
relationships with its partners and vendors throughout the restructuring process.
Raúl Alarcón will continue his leadership of the Company in his role as Chief Executive Officer, and will continue to serve as Chairman
of the board of directors through the consummation of the restructuring. Upon consummation of the restructuring, the Company
anticipates that its new board of directors will be elected by its stockholders in the manner set forth in the RSA. In addition, Richard
D. Lara has been promoted to Chief Operating Officer, reflecting his leadership and strategic contributions to the Company. Mr. Lara
will continue to serve as General Counsel, maintaining oversight of the Company’s legal affairs while assuming expanded operational
responsibilities.
In connection with its engagement with the Supporting Investors regarding the maturity of the Notes, the Company has provided
information to the Supporting Investors and their advisors under confidentiality agreements. Pursuant to the terms of these
confidentiality agreements, the Forbearance Agreement and the RSA, the Company is disclosing the attached cleansing materials.
Advisors
Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc. is represented by Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP and Morris, Nichols, Arsht & Tunnell LLP
as legal counsel, Riveron RTS, LLC as restructuring financial advisor, and GLC Advisors & Co., LLC. as restructuring investment banker.
The Supporting Investors are represented by Milbank LLP, as legal counsel, and M3 Partners, LP, as financial advisor.
About Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc.
Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc. (SBS) owns and operates radio stations located in the top U.S. Hispanic markets of Los Angeles, New
York, Miami, Houston, Chicago, San Francisco, Orlando, Tampa, and Puerto Rico, airing the Tropical, Regional Mexican, Spanish Adult
Contemporary, Top 40 and Urbano format genres. SBS also operates AIRE Radio Networks, a national radio platform of over 250
affiliated stations reaching 94% of the U.S. Hispanic audience. SBS also owns MegaTV, a network television operation with over-the-air,
cable, and satellite distribution throughout the U.S., produces a nationwide roster of live concerts and events, and owns a stable of
digital properties, including LaMusica, a mobile app providing Latino-focused audio and video streaming content, and HitzMaker, a newtalent destination for aspiring artists. We also provide digital marketing solutions through our pure-play digital marketing department,
Digidea and access to the digital realm where brands can explore a diverse range of engaging content, unlock valuable insights, and
connect with our podcast community. For more information, visit us online at www.spanishbroadcasting.com.
About Brigade Capital Management
Brigade Capital Management, LP (“Brigade”) is a global asset management firm founded in 2006 with approximately $31 billion in assets
under management. Brigade invests in public and private credit instruments using a bottom-up investment philosophy across a variety
of diversified funds. As an SEC registered investment advisor, Brigade is a leading independent alternative asset manager with a 50person investment team. Founded by Donald E. Morgan III, CIO and Managing Partner, the firm is headquartered in New York with a
global footprint that includes an office in London.
About Man Group
Man Group is a global alternative investment management firm focused on pursuing outperformance for sophisticated clients via our
Systematic, Discretionary and Solutions offerings. Powered by talent and advanced technology, our single and multi-manager
investment strategies are underpinned by deep research and span public and private markets, across all major asset classes, with a
significant focus on alternatives. Man Group takes a partnership approach to working with clients, establishing deep connections and
creating tailored solutions to meet their investment goals and those of the millions of retirees and savers they represent. Headquartered
in Jersey, we manage $227.62 billion and operate across multiple offices globally. Man Group plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange
under the ticker EMG.LN and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. Further information can be found at www.man.com.

Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc.

Page 3

About Bayside Capital
Bayside Capital is the special situations affiliate of H.I.G. Capital. Focused on middle market companies, Bayside invests across several
segments of the primary and secondary debt capital markets with an emphasis on long term returns. For more information, please refer
to the Bayside website at bayside.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release and attachments contain certain forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact
are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc. intends such forward-looking statements
to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 and includes this statement for purposes of such safe harbor provisions. These forward-looking statements may involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company’s actual results and performance in future periods to
be materially different from any future results or performance suggested by the forward-looking statements in this press release.
Although we believe the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, we can
give no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from these expectations.
“Forward-looking” statements represent our expectations or beliefs, including, but not limited to, statements concerning our
operations, economic performance, financial condition, growth and acquisition strategies, investments, and future operational plans.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “forecast,”
“seek,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,” “could,” “estimate,” “might,” “continue,” “seeking” or the negative or other variations thereof or
comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements, by their nature, involve substantial
risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond our control. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are not aware of or that we
currently deem immaterial also may impair our business. There is no assurance that the actual results, events or developments
referenced herein will occur or be realized. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect
changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes and have any obligation to publicly update any forwardlooking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as required by law.

(Financial Tables Follow)

Contacts:
Analysts and Investors
Frank M. Soricelli
Chief Financial Officer
(305) 441-6901
investor.relations@sbscorporate.com

Analysts, Investors or Media
Chris Plunkett
The Plunkett Group
(646) 400-1868

Execution Version
THIS RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER OR ACCEPTANCE
WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OR A SOLICITATION OF ACCEPTANCES OF A
CHAPTER 11 PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1125 OF THE BANKRUPTCY
CODE. ANY SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION WILL COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE
SECURITIES LAWS AND/OR PROVISIONS OF THE BANKRUPTCY CODE. NOTHING
CONTAINED IN THIS RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT SHALL BE AN
ADMISSION OF FACT OR LIABILITY OR, UNTIL THE OCCURRENCE OF THE
AGREEMENT EFFECTIVE DATE ON THE TERMS DESCRIBED IN THIS AGREEMENT,
DEEMED BINDING ON ANY OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT.
RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT
This RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT (including all exhibits, annexes, and
schedules attached hereto, as each may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified
from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, this “Agreement”) is made and entered into
as of April 3, 2026, by and among the following parties (each of the following described in subclauses (i) through (ii) of this preamble, individually, a “Party” and, collectively, the “Parties”):1
(i)

Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc. (“SBS”) and each of its Affiliates listed on
Exhibit A to this Agreement that has executed and delivered a counterpart signature
page to this Agreement to counsel to the Consenting Creditors (the Entities in
Exhibit A, collectively, the “Company Parties”); and

(ii)

the undersigned beneficial holders of, or investment advisors, sub-advisors, or
managers of discretionary accounts or funds that beneficially hold, Existing Notes
Claims that have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages to this
Agreement (in each case solely in their capacity as such, together with each Holder
that executes and delivers a Joinder from and after the date hereof, the “Consenting
Creditors”) to counsel to each of the Company Parties.
RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Parties have in good faith and at arm’s length negotiated and agreed upon
the material terms of a comprehensive restructuring with respect to the Company Parties’ capital
structure (the “Restructuring Transactions”) in accordance with and subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement and the term sheet attached as Exhibit B hereto
(the “Restructuring Term Sheet”);
WHEREAS, the Company Parties intend to implement the Restructuring Transactions
through either a pre-packaged or prearranged chapter 11 plan of reorganization (the “Plan”)
through the commencement of voluntary reorganization cases (the “Chapter 11 Cases”) under
chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 101-1532 (as amended, the
“Bankruptcy Code”), in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware or as
otherwise agreed pursuant to the Restructuring Term Sheet (the “Bankruptcy Court”);

1

Capitalized terms have the meanings ascribed to them in Section 1 unless otherwise specified.

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, the Consenting Creditors hold, in the aggregate, at least
66.67% of the aggregate principal amount of the Existing Notes Claims;
WHEREAS, the Parties have agreed to express their mutual support and take certain
actions in support of the Restructuring Transactions on the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained in this
Agreement, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
acknowledged, each Party, intending to be legally bound by this Agreement, agrees as follows:
AGREEMENT
Section 1.
1.01.

Definitions and Interpretation.
Definitions. The following terms shall have the following definitions:

“Ad Hoc Committee” means that certain ad hoc committee of holders of Existing Notes
Claims represented by Milbank LLP, as counsel, and M3 Advisory Partners, LP, as financial
advisor.
“Affiliate” means, with respect to any specified Entity, any other Entity directly or
indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such
specified Entity. For purposes of this definition, “control” (including, with correlative meanings,
the terms “controlling,” “controlled by,” and “under common control with”), as used with respect
to any Entity, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the right or power to direct or
cause the direction of the management or policies of such Entity, whether through the ownership
of voting securities, by agreement, or otherwise. A Related Fund of any Entity shall be deemed to
be the Affiliate of such Entity.
“Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.
“Agreement Effective Date” means the date on which the conditions set forth in Section 2
have been satisfied or waived in accordance with this Agreement.
“Agreement Effective Period” means, with respect to a Party, the period from the
Agreement Effective Date (or, in the case of any Consenting Creditor that becomes a party hereto
after the Agreement Effective Date, as of the date and time such Consenting Creditor executes and
delivers a Joinder in accordance with the terms hereof) to the Termination Date.
“Approved Sale” has the meaning set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet.
“Avoidance Actions” means any and all actual or potential avoidance, recovery,
subordination, or other Claims, causes of action, or remedies that may be brought by or on behalf
of the Company Parties, their estates, or other parties in interest under sections 502, 510, 542, 544,
545, 547 through 553, and 724(a) or other applicable sections of the Bankruptcy Code or under
similar or related local, state, federal, or foreign statutes and common law, including fraudulent
transfer laws.
2

“Bankruptcy Code” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.
“Bankruptcy Court” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.
“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which
commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state of
New York.
“Cause of Action” means any action, Claim, cause of action, Avoidance Action,
controversy, demand, right, action, lien, indemnity, equity interest, guaranty, suit, obligation,
liability, damage, judgment, account, defense, offset, power, privilege, license, and franchise of
any kind or character whatsoever, whether known, unknown, contingent or noncontingent,
matured or unmatured, suspected or unsuspected, liquidated or unliquidated, disputed or
undisputed, secured or unsecured, assertable directly or derivatively, in contract or in tort, in law
or in equity, or pursuant to any other theory of law.
“Chapter 11 Cases” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.
“Chosen Court” means (a) with respect to any action or proceeding among Company
Parties or among Company Parties and Consenting Creditors, (i) prior to the Petition Date or after
the Plan Effective Date, federal courts or state courts located in New York, New York and (ii) at
all other times, the Bankruptcy Court and (b) with respect to any action or proceeding among
Consenting Creditors, federal courts or state courts located in New York, New York.
“Claim” has the meaning ascribed to it in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code.
“Company Claims/Interests” means, collectively, any Claim against, or Equity Interest in,
a Company Party.
“Company Parties” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.
“Confidentiality Agreement” means an executed confidentiality agreement, including, but
not limited to, with respect to the issuance of a “cleansing letter” or other public disclosure of
material non-public information in connection with or related to any potential restructuring.
“Confirmation Order” means the order of the Bankruptcy Court confirming the Plan under
section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, which Confirmation Order shall be consistent with this
Agreement.
“Consenting Creditors” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.
“Consenting Creditor Fees and Expenses” means all accrued reasonable and documented
fees and expenses (whether incurred prior to or after the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases)
related to the Company Parties or their capital structure, the formulation, development,
negotiation, documentation, or implementation of this Agreement, the Restructuring Transactions,
the Definitive Documents, and/or any amendments, waivers, consents, supplements, or other
modifications to any of the foregoing, in each case, of: (a) Milbank LLP, as counsel to the Ad Hoc
Committee, (b) M3 Advisory Partners, LP, as financial advisor to Milbank LLP for the benefit of
3

the Ad Hoc Committee, (c) one (1) local counsel to the Ad Hoc Committee, and (d) any regulatory
counsel and any other advisors retained by the Ad Hoc Committee with the consent of the
Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed) in each case, in
accordance with the engagement letters and/or fee letters, if applicable, among such counsel or
professional and any of the Company Parties, including, without limitation, any success or
transaction fees of financial advisors (but not legal advisors) contemplated therein.
“Consent Rights” has the meaning set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet.
“Definitive Documents” means all of the definitive documents implementing the
Restructuring Transactions, including those set forth in Section 3.
“DIP Orders” means the Interim DIP Order and the Final DIP Order.
“Disclosure Statement” means the disclosure statement with respect to the Plan, including
all exhibits, schedules, supplements, modifications, or amendments thereto, which shall be
consistent with this Agreement.
“Disclosure Statement Order” means an order of the Bankruptcy Court approving the
Disclosure Statement.
“Entity” has the meaning set forth in section 101(15) of the Bankruptcy Code.
“Equitization Transaction” means a Restructuring Transaction pursuant to which, among
other things the Consenting Creditors shall receive equity of a reorganized Company Party
pursuant to a Plan on the terms set forth in this Agreement (including the Restructuring Term
Sheet).
“Equity Interests” means any common stock, limited liability company interest, equity
security (as defined in section 101(16) of the Bankruptcy Code), equity, ownership, profit interests,
unit, or share in a Company Party, including all issued, unissued, authorized, or outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Company Parties and any other rights, options, warrants, stock appreciation
rights, phantom stock rights, restricted stock units, redemption rights, repurchase rights,
convertible, exercisable or exchangeable securities or other agreements, arrangements or
commitments of any character relating to, or whose value is related to, any such interest or other
ownership interest in any Company Party.
“Existing Notes” means those certain 9.750% senior secured notes due 2026 issued by SBS
pursuant to the Existing Indenture.
“Existing Notes Claims” means any Claim against any Company Party arising under,
derived from, or based upon the Existing Indenture.
“Existing Notes Documents” means, collectively, the Existing Indenture and all other
agreements, documents, and instruments delivered or entered into in connection therewith,
including, but not limited to, any guarantee agreements, pledge and collateral agreements,
intercreditor agreements, subordination agreements, fee letters, and other security documents (each
as supplemented or amended from time to time).
4

“Existing Indenture” means that certain Indenture governing the Existing Notes, dated as
of February 17, 2021 (as amended or supplemented from time to time), among SBS, as issuer, the
guarantors from time to time party thereto, and the Trustee.
“FCC” means the Federal Communications Commission.
“Final DIP Order” means an order of the Bankruptcy Court approving debtor-in-possession
financing on a final basis.
“First Day Pleadings” means the first-day pleadings that the Company Parties determine
are necessary or desirable to file with the Bankruptcy Court.
“Governance Term Sheet” has the meaning set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet.
“Governing Body” means the board of directors, board of managers, manager, general
partner, investment committee, special committee, or such similar governing body of an Entity.
“Governmental Authority” means any applicable federal, state, local, or foreign
government or any agency, bureau, board, commission, court or arbitral body, department,
political subdivision, regulatory or administrative authority, tribunal or other instrumentality
thereof, or any self-regulatory organization (other than the Bankruptcy Court), including, but not
limited to, the FCC.
“Holder” means any holder of an Existing Notes Claim.
“Interim DIP Order” means an order of the Bankruptcy Court approving debtor-inpossession financing on an interim basis.
“Joinder” means a joinder to this Agreement substantially in the form attached to this
Agreement as Exhibit C.
“Law” means any federal, state, local, or foreign law (including common law), statute,
code, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, ruling, or judgment, in each case, that is validly adopted,
promulgated, issued, or entered by a Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction (including
the Bankruptcy Court).
“M3” means M3 Advisory Partners, LP.
“M3 Fee Letter” means the amendment and restatement of that certain fee letter, dated
February 9, 2026, by and between M3 and SBS (on behalf of itself and all of its direct and indirect
subsidiaries).
“Material Actions” means such actions set forth in Exhibit 3 to the Restructuring Term
Sheet.
“Milbank Fee Letter” means the amendment and restatement of that certain fee letter, dated
March 1, 2026, by and between Milbank LLP and SBS (on behalf of itself and all of its direct and
indirect subsidiaries).
5

“Milestone” has the meaning set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement.
“MIP” has the meaning set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet.
“Mutual Releases” means the release and exculpation provisions described in the
Restructuring Term Sheet.
“New Common Stock” has the meaning set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet.
“New Indenture” has the meaning set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet.
“New Secured Notes” has the meaning set forth in the Restructuring Term Sheet.
“Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal” means any written or oral inquiry, proposal, offer, bid,
term sheet, discussion, or agreement with respect to a sale, disposition, new-money investment,
restructuring, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, acquisition, consolidation, dissolution, debt
investment, equity investment, financing, use of cash collateral, joint venture, partnership,
liquidation, tender offer, recapitalization, plan of reorganization or liquidation, share exchange,
business combination, or similar transaction involving any one or more Company Parties or the
debt, equity, or other interests in any one or more Company Parties that is, in each case, an
alternative to, or is inconsistent with, any material component of one or more of the Restructuring
Transactions. For the avoidance of doubt, a Sale Pivot Transaction does not constitute a Non-RSA
Restructuring Proposal.
“Parties” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.
“Person” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, professional
association, limited partnership, general partnership, joint stock company, joint venture,
association, company, trust, bank, trust company, land trust, business trust or other organization,
whether or not a legal entity, and any Governmental Authority.
“Petition Date” means the date on which the Chapter 11 Cases are commenced.
“Plan” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.
“Plan Effective Date” means the date upon which each of the conditions to the effectiveness
of the Plan are satisfied or waived according to its terms.
“Plan Supplement” means the compilation of certain documents and forms of documents,
schedules, and exhibits to the Plan that will be filed, in one or more filings, by the Company Parties
with the Bankruptcy Court prior to the hearing held by the Bankruptcy Court to consider
confirmation of the Plan, each of which shall be consistent with this Agreement.
“Prepack Election Date” means the date, if any, before the Prepack Election Deadline on
which the Required Consenting Creditors provide notice to the Company Parties of their selection
of the Prepack Timeline.
“Prepack Election Deadline” means April 24, 2026.
6

“Prepack Timeline” means the Milestones set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement to
implement the Plan through a prepackaged Plan.
“Qualified Marketmaker” means an entity that (i) holds itself out to the public or the
applicable private markets as standing ready in the ordinary course of business to purchase from
customers and sell to customers Company Claims/Interests (or enter with customers into long and
short positions in Company Claims/Interests), in its capacity as a dealer or marketmaker in
Company Claims/Interests and (ii) is in fact regularly in the business of making a market in claims
against issuers or borrowers (including debt securities or other debt).
“Related Fund” means, with respect to any Person, any fund, account, or investment
vehicle that is controlled or managed by (i) such Person, (ii) an Affiliate of such Person, or (iii) the
same investment manager, advisor or subadvisor as such Person or an Affiliate of such investment
manager, advisor, or subadvisor.
“Required Consenting Creditors” means, as of the relevant date of determination, those
Consenting Creditors holding greater than 50.1% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount
of the Existing Notes Claims that are held by all Consenting Creditors in the aggregate as of such
date of determination.
“Restructuring Term Sheet” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.
“Restructuring Transactions” has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this Agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, each of the Equitization Transaction and the Sale Pivot Transaction is
a Restructuring Transaction.
“Sale Pivot Date” means the date, prior to the Sale Pivot Deadline, on which the Required
Consenting Creditors provide a notice to the Company Parties that they elect to have the Company
Parties pursue an Approved Sale.
“Sale Pivot Deadline” means the date scheduled to commence the hearing to consider entry
of the Confirmation Order.
“Sale Pivot Transaction” means, following the Sale Pivot Date, a Plan and related definitive
documentation implementing an Approved Sale.
“Solicitation Materials” means the Disclosure Statement, ballots, documents, forms, and
all other materials provided in connection with the solicitation of the Plan pursuant to sections
1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code, which shall be consistent with this Agreement.
“Termination Date” means the date on which termination of this Agreement is effective in
accordance with Section 9.
“Termination Event” means the occurrence of a termination event arising under Section 9.
“Transfer” means to, directly or indirectly, sell, assign, grant, transfer, convey, pledge,
hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of, but in each case only upon the date of settlement of the

7

Transfer and excluding any pledge or assignment of security interest to secure obligations of a
party to a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central bank.
“Transferee” means the recipient of a Transfer.
“Transferee Qualified Marketmaker” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(b) of this
Agreement.
“Trustee” means Wilmington Trust, National Association in its capacity as trustee and
collateral agent under the Existing Indenture, or any successor or replacement agent appointed
pursuant to the terms thereof.
1.02.

Interpretation. For purposes of this Agreement:

(a)
in the appropriate context, each term, whether stated in the singular or the plural,
shall include both the singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine, or
neutral gender shall include the masculine, feminine, and the neutral gender;
(b)
capitalized terms defined only in the plural or singular form shall nonetheless have
their defined meanings when used in the opposite form;
(c)
unless otherwise specified, any reference in this Agreement to a contract, lease,
instrument, release, indenture, or other agreement or document (other than any Definitive
Document) being in a particular form or on particular terms and conditions means that such
document shall be substantially in such form or substantially on such terms and conditions;
(d)
unless otherwise specified, any reference in this Agreement to an existing
document, schedule, or exhibit shall mean such document, schedule, or exhibit, as it may have
been or may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time;
notwithstanding the foregoing, any capitalized terms in this Agreement that are defined with
reference to another agreement, are defined with reference to such other agreement as of the date
of this Agreement, without giving effect to any termination of such other agreement or
amendments to such capitalized terms in any such other agreement following the date of this
Agreement;
(e)
unless otherwise specified, all references in this Agreement to “Sections” are
references to Sections of this Agreement;
(f)
the words “herein,” “hereof,” and “hereto” refer to this Agreement in its entirety
rather than to any particular portion of this Agreement;
(g)
captions and headings to Sections are inserted for convenience of reference only
and are not intended to be a part of or to affect the interpretation of this Agreement;
(h)
references to “stockholders,” “directors,” and/or “officers” shall also include
“members” and/or “managers,” as applicable, as such terms are defined under the applicable
limited liability company Laws;

8

(i)

the use of “include” or “including” is without limitation, whether stated or not; and

(j)

the word “or” shall not be exclusive.

Section 2.

Effectiveness of This Agreement.

(a)
This Agreement shall become effective and binding upon each of the Parties on the
date and time by which all of the following conditions have been satisfied or waived in accordance
with this Agreement:
(i)
each of the Company Parties shall have executed and delivered counterpart
signature pages of this Agreement (which signature pages may be delivered by counsel and in
electronic form) to counsel for the Consenting Creditors;
(ii)
holders of more than 66.67% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount
of the Existing Notes Claims shall have executed and delivered counterpart signature pages of this
Agreement (which signature pages may be delivered by counsel and in electronic form) to counsel
for the Company Parties;
(iii) (x) the Company Parties shall have paid in full in cash all accrued and
unpaid Consenting Creditor Fees and Expenses (including any reasonable fee and expense estimate
through and including the Agreement Effective Date) in accordance with Section 12.18 of this
Agreement and (y) the M3 Fee Letter and the Milbank Fee Letter shall each remain in full force
and effect;
(iv)
the Company Parties shall have given written notice to counsel to the
Consenting Creditors that the foregoing conditions set forth in this Section 2 have been satisfied.
(b)
With respect to any Consenting Creditor that becomes a party to this Agreement
pursuant to Section 6 hereof, this Agreement shall become effective as to such Consenting Creditor
at the time it executes and delivers a Joinder in accordance with the terms hereof.
Section 3.

Definitive Documents.

3.01. The Definitive Documents shall consist of this Agreement and all documents or
pleadings reasonably necessary to implement the Restructuring Transactions, including, but not
limited to, the following:
(a)

the Disclosure Statement;

(b)

the Disclosure Statement Order;

(c)

the Plan and all exhibits and other documents and instruments related thereto;

(d)

the Confirmation Order;

(e)
the First Day Pleadings and all material pleadings, including all bar date motions
and claims estimation motions, and all orders sought pursuant to any of the foregoing;
9

(f)

the Plan Supplement;

(g)

the Solicitation Materials;

(h)
all motions, filings, documents, and agreements related to the Restructuring
Transactions, including without limitation, the Disclosure Statement motion, any documentation
relating to the solicitation of the Plan, and the brief in support of confirmation of the Plan;
(i)
all motions, orders, filings, documents, budgets, and agreements related to any
debtor in possession financing, including the DIP Orders;
(j)
any documents related to the implementation of the Approved Sale pursuant to a
Sale Pivot Transaction;
(k)
such other agreements and documentation reasonably desired or necessary to
consummate and document the transactions contemplated by the Plan;
(l)
corporate organization and governance documents consistent with the
Restructuring Term Sheet and the Governance Term Sheet;
(m)

the MIP;

(n)
the New Indenture and any additional documents to be executed in connection with
the issuance of the New Secured Notes; and
(o)

any forbearance agreement;

(p)

the Mutual Releases; and

(q)
such other agreements and documentation reasonably desired or necessary to
implement, consummate and document the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
Restructuring Transactions.
3.02. The Definitive Documents shall include any exhibits, schedules, amendments,
modifications or supplements thereto. The Definitive Documents and any amendments,
supplements, or modifications to any Definitive Documents that are not executed or in a form
attached to this Agreement as of the Agreement Effective Date remain subject to good faith
negotiation and completion and shall be consistent in all respects with this Agreement (including
the Restructuring Term Sheet) and otherwise be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to
the Company Parties and the Required Consenting Creditors.

10

Section 4.

Commitments of the Consenting Creditors.

4.01. Affirmative Commitments. During the Agreement Effective Period, each
Consenting Creditor severally, and not jointly, agrees in respect of all of its Company
Claims/Interests (subject to Section 4.04) to:
(a)
Use commercially reasonable efforts to support the Company Parties in the pursuit,
implementation and consummation of the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement and in connection with the transactions reasonably necessary to implement
and consummate the Restructuring Transactions, and timely take all actions set forth herein,
including with respect to obtaining any reasonably necessary regulatory approvals to consummate
the Restructuring Transactions;
(b)
act in good faith to support the Restructuring Transactions as contemplated by this
Agreement and the Restructuring Term Sheet, including, to the extent solicited, to vote and
exercise any powers or rights available to it (including in any creditors’ meeting or in any process
requiring voting or approval to which such Consenting Creditor is legally entitled to participate),
in each case in favor of any matter requiring approval to the extent necessary to implement the
Restructuring Transactions and within the timeframe outlined herein and in the Definitive
Documents and not change or withdraw (or cause to be changed or withdrawn) any such vote;
provided, however, that no Consenting Creditor shall be obligated to waive (to the extent waivable
by such Consenting Creditor) any condition to the consummation of any part of the Restructuring
Transactions;
(c)
use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with and assist the Company
Parties in obtaining additional support for the Restructuring Transactions from the Company
Parties’ other stakeholders;
(d)
provide any consents under Existing Notes Documents or any other applicable
agreement or document, and give any notices, orders, instructions, or directions to the Trustee that
are necessary or reasonably requested by the Company Parties to facilitate the consummation of
the Restructuring Transactions in accordance with this Agreement and the other Definitive
Documents;
(e)
use commercially reasonable efforts to oppose, if requested by the Company
Parties, the efforts of any person or Entity (including any other Party) with respect to any action
contemplated in Section 4.02 or any other action that would have the direct or indirect effect of
adversely impacting the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions;
(f)
negotiate in good faith regarding any postpetition financing that is reasonably
determined to be necessary by the Company Parties (provided that no Consenting Creditor shall
be required under this Agreement to consent to any third-party postpetition financing);
(g)

grant the Mutual Releases;

(h)
negotiate in good faith and, to the extent applicable, use commercially reasonable
efforts to execute and implement, as expeditiously as is practicable and in a manner consistent
with this Agreement, the Definitive Documents; and
11

(i)
to the extent any legal, financial, or structural impediment arises that would prevent,
hinder, impede, or delay the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions, negotiate in good
faith regarding appropriate additional or alternative provisions to address such impediment
(without affecting the economic outcome for the Consenting Creditors or other material terms
contemplated by this Agreement).
4.02. Negative Commitments. During the Agreement Effective Period, each Consenting
Creditor, as applicable, severally, and not jointly, agrees in respect of all of its Company
Claims/Interests that (subject to Section 4.04) it shall not, directly or indirectly, and shall not direct
any other Entity to:
(a)
take any action that is inconsistent with this Agreement or the Restructuring
Transactions or that would reasonably be expected to interfere with, delay or impede the
solicitation, implementation, or consummation of the Plan and the Restructuring Transactions;
(b)
seek, solicit, pursue, propose, file, support, or vote for any Non-RSA Restructuring
Proposal or otherwise take any action that would prevent, hinder, impede, or delay the
consummation of the Restructuring Transactions, provided that Consenting Creditors may seek,
solicit, pursue, and support any potential sale transaction that could become an Approved Sale;
(c)
except as otherwise expressly permitted thereunder, seek to terminate the
forbearance period, as set forth in that certain Forbearance Agreement dated as of March 6, 2026
or otherwise direct the Trustee (as defined therein) to exercise any rights or remedies under the
Existing Indenture.
(d)
take (directly or indirectly), or direct the Agent to take, any action to enforce or
exercise any right or remedy for the enforcement, collection, or recovery of any of the Company
Claims/Interests, including rights or remedies arising from or asserting or bringing any claims
under or with respect to the Existing Notes Documents to the extent inconsistent with this
Agreement; provided that nothing in this Agreement shall prevent any Consenting Creditor from
filing a proof of claim in the Chapter 11 Cases with respect to its respective Company
Claims/Interests;
(e)
initiate, or have initiated on its behalf, any litigation or proceeding of any kind
against the Company Parties or the other Parties (other than to enforce this Agreement, any other
agreement among the applicable Parties or any Definitive Document or as otherwise explicitly
permitted under this Agreement); or
(f)
object to, join in any objection to, delay, impede, or take any other action to
interfere with the Company Parties’ ownership and possession of their assets, wherever located,
or interfere with the automatic stay arising under section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code.
4.03. Commitments with Respect to Chapter 11 Cases. Subject to Section 4.04 and the
other terms and conditions hereof, during the Agreement Effective Period, each Consenting
Creditor, severally and not jointly, agrees that it shall:
(a)
timely vote each of its Company Claims/Interests to accept the Plan by timely
delivering its duly executed and completed ballot(s) accepting the Plan following the
12

commencement of the solicitation of the Plan and its actual receipt of the Solicitation Materials
and the ballot;
(b)
not change, withdraw, amend, or revoke (or cause to be changed, withdrawn,
amended, or revoked) any vote or election referred to in clause (a) above;
(c)
not file or join in any motion, objection, pleading, or other document with the
Bankruptcy Court or any other court (including any modifications or amendments thereof) that, in
whole or in part, is inconsistent with this Agreement, the Plan, or the Restructuring Transactions;
(d)
to the extent that a Consenting Creditor is permitted to opt-out of or opt-in to any
of the releases set forth in the Plan, elect (A) not to opt-out of or (B) to opt-in to, as applicable,
such releases, including by timely delivering the requisite documentation indicating such election;
(e)
not directly or indirectly, through any Person, seek, solicit, propose, support, assist,
engage in negotiations in connection with, or participate in the formulation, preparation, filing, or
prosecution of any Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal or object to, join in any objection to, or take
any other action that would reasonably be expected to prevent, interfere with, delay, or impede the
solicitation of votes on the Plan, approval of the Disclosure Statement, or the confirmation and
consummation of the Plan and the Restructuring Transactions, provided that, notwithstanding the
foregoing or anything else to the contrary herein, the Consenting Creditors may at any time seek,
solicit, propose, support, assist, engage in negotiations in connection with, or participate in the
formulation, preparation, filing, pursuit, or prosecution of any potential sale transaction that could
become an Approved Sale;
(f)
use commercially reasonable efforts to support and take all actions reasonably
requested by the Company Parties to facilitate the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions
in accordance with this Agreement;
(g)
use commercially reasonable efforts to support and take all actions reasonably
requested by the Company Parties to facilitate the solicitation of votes on the Plan, approval of the
Disclosure Statement, and confirmation and consummation of the Plan; and
(h)
not object to, join in any objection to, delay, impede, or take any other action to
interfere with any motion or other pleading or document filed by the Company Parties or any other
Party in the Bankruptcy Court that is consistent with this Agreement.
4.04. Additional Provisions Regarding the Consenting Creditors’ Commitments.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement
shall:
(a)
be construed to impair the rights of any Consenting Creditor from appearing as a
party in interest in any matter to be adjudicated in the Chapter 11 Cases, so long as such appearance
and the positions advocated in connection therewith are consistent with this Agreement and do not
delay, interfere with, or impede the Restructuring Transactions;
(b)
limit or impair the ability of a Consenting Creditor to purchase, Transfer or enter
into any transactions regarding Company Claims/Interests, subject to Section 6 hereof;
13

(c)
except as otherwise provided herein, constitute a waiver under, or amendment of,
the Existing Indenture or otherwise limit or impair any right or remedy of any Consenting Creditor
under the Existing Indenture, or any other applicable agreement, instrument, or document that
gives rise to a Consenting Creditor’s Company Claims/Interests;
(d)
affect the ability of any Consenting Creditor to consult with any other Consenting
Creditor, the Company Parties, or any other party in interest, including, any official committee
and/or the United States Trustee (solely to the extent such consultation is consistent with this
Agreement and does not delay, interfere with, or impede the Restructuring Transactions);
(e)
impair or waive the rights of any Consenting Creditor to assert or raise any
objection permitted under this Agreement in connection with the Restructuring Transactions;
(f)
prevent any Consenting Creditor from enforcing this Agreement or contesting
whether any matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with, this Agreement;
(g)
require any Consenting Creditor to (i) incur any financial or other liability other
than as expressly described in this Agreement, (ii) indemnify or otherwise incur any liability to
any Agent, (iii) take, or refrain from taking, any action where to do so would breach (a) any law
or regulation, (b) any order or direction of any relevant court or governmental body, or (c) the
terms of any non-disclosure agreement to which they are subject, in each case, provided that such
breach cannot be avoided or removed by taking reasonable steps which would not otherwise cause
any material advantage to such Consenting Creditor, or (iv) fail to comply with any antitrust or
regulatory obligations as they may reasonably determine;
(h)
prevent any Consenting Creditor from (i) defending against or responding to any
pleading filed with the Bankruptcy Court or any other court seeking to challenge the validity,
enforceability, perfection, or priority of, or any action seeking avoidance, claw-back,
recharacterization, or subordination of, any portion of its Company Claims/Interests or any liens
or collateral securing its Company Claims or (ii) taking or directing any action relating to the
maintenance, protection, or preservation of any collateral; or
(i)
prevent any Consenting Creditor from enforcing or exercising any rights, remedies,
conditions, consents, or approval requirements under any of the Definitive Documents.
Section 5.

Commitments of the Company Parties.

5.01. Affirmative Commitments. Subject to Sections 5.03 and 5.04, during the
Agreement Effective Period, each of the Company Parties agrees to:
(a)
support, act in good faith and take all actions reasonably necessary or desirable to
implement and consummate the Restructuring Transactions on the terms and in accordance with
the Milestones set forth in this Agreement;
(b)
to the extent any legal, financial, or structural impediment arises that would prevent,
hinder, impede, or delay the consummation of the Restructuring Transactions contemplated in this
Agreement, support and take all steps reasonably necessary or desirable to address or resolve any
such impediment;
14

(c)
use commercially reasonable efforts to oppose the efforts of any person or Entity
(including any other Party) with respect to any action contemplated in Section 5.02 or any other
action that would have the direct or indirect effect of impacting any right (economic or otherwise)
or benefit that any Consenting Creditor has received or is contemplated to receive under this
Agreement or any Definitive Document;
(d)
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any and all necessary or required
regulatory and/or third-party approvals and consents for the consummation and implementation of
the Restructuring Transactions, including, but not limited to, all FCC approvals related to the
consummation of the Plan;
(e)
use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly: (i) commence any required
regulatory approval processes; (ii) secure regulatory or other approvals from any applicable
Governmental Authority, including, but not limited to, the FCC, to the extent necessary to
implement the Restructuring Transactions, and (iii) provide real-time progress reports to the
advisors to the Ad Hoc Committee with respect to such processes;
(f)
negotiate in good faith and use commercially reasonable efforts to finalize, execute,
deliver, and implement the Definitive Documents;
(g)
provide counsel for the Consenting Creditors a reasonable opportunity (whenever
practicable, no less than two (2) Business Days in advance of filing) to review draft copies of all
First Day Pleadings and material pleadings that the Company Parties intend to file with the
Bankruptcy Court;
(h)
oppose and object to the efforts of any person seeking to object to, delay, impede,
or take any other action to interfere with the acceptance, implementation, or consummation of the
Restructuring Transactions (including, if applicable, the filing of timely filed objections or written
responses) to the extent such opposition or objection is reasonably necessary to facilitate or prevent
delay to implementation of the Restructuring Transactions;
(i)
timely object to any pleading filed with the Bankruptcy Court or any other court of
competent jurisdiction seeking to challenge the validity, enforceability, perfection or priority of,
or any action seeking avoidance, claw-back, recharacterization, or subordination of, any portion
of the Existing Notes Claims or any liens or collateral securing such Existing Notes Claims;
(j)
consult and negotiate in good faith with the Consenting Creditors and each of their
respective advisors regarding the preparation and execution of the Definitive Documents and the
implementation of the Restructuring Transactions;
(k)
inform counsel to the Consenting Creditors in writing (email being sufficient) as
soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of: (i) any matter or circumstance which they
know to be a material impediment to the implementation or consummation of the Restructuring
Transactions; (ii) any notice of any commencement of any material involuntary insolvency
proceedings or material legal suit, investigation, or enforcement action from or by any person in
respect of any Company Party; (iii) any material breach of any of the terms, conditions,
representations, warranties, or covenants set forth in this Agreement (including a breach by any
Company Party); or (iv) the occurrence of a Termination Event;
15

(l)
If a Company Party receives a Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal in the form of a
term sheet or other written offer or proposal, the Company Parties shall comply with the notice
and information provisions set forth in Section 5.03(c);
(m)
operate their business and conduct their operations in the ordinary course in a
manner consistent with past practices and in compliance with Law (taking into account the
Restructuring Transactions and the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases) and use commercially
reasonable efforts to preserve intact their current business organizations and preserve their
relationships with employees, customers, suppliers, and others having business dealings with the
Company Parties;
(n)
(i) maintain their cash management arrangements in a manner consistent with that
described in the applicable “first-day” order and (ii) comply with the relevant covenants contained
in the Existing Indenture regarding the maintenance and insurance of collateral securing Existing
Notes Claims;
(o)
Provide the Consenting Creditors with any information reasonably requested
regarding the Company Parties and reasonable access to management and advisors of the Company
Parties for the purposes of evaluating the Company Parties’ assets, liabilities, operations,
businesses, finances, strategies, prospects, and affairs, subject to any limitations set forth in
confidentiality agreements relating to the requested information.
(p)
use commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with the Restructuring
Transactions, to (i) maintain their physical assets, properties, and facilities in their current working
order, condition, and repair as of the date hereof, ordinary wear and tear excepted, (ii) maintain
their books and records on a basis consistent with prior practice, (iii) bill for products sold or
services rendered and pay accounts payable in a manner generally consistent with past practice,
but taking into account the Restructuring Transactions and the filing of the Chapter 11 Cases; and
(iv) maintain all insurance policies, or suitable replacements therefor, in full force and effect
through the close of business on the Plan Effective Date;
(q)
use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain their good standing under the Laws
of the state or other jurisdiction in which they are incorporated, organized, or formed;
(r)

grant the Mutual Releases;

(s)
use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Confirmation Order to become
effective and enforceable immediately upon its entry and to have the period in which an appeal
thereto must be filed commence immediately upon its entry;
(t)
comply in all material respects with the terms and conditions of any debtor-inpossession financing;
(u)
timely file a formal objection (in consultation with counsel to the Consenting
Creditors) to any motion filed with the Bankruptcy Court by a third party seeking the entry of an
order (i) directing the appointment of a trustee or examiner, (ii) converting any of the Chapter 11
Cases to cases under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, (iii) dismissing any of the Chapter 11
Cases, (iv) seeking the entry of an order modifying or terminating the Company Parties’ exclusive
16

right to file and/or solicit acceptances of a chapter 11 plan, or (v) that is inconsistent with or that
would, if entered, adversely affect or otherwise impact any right (economic or otherwise),
obligation or term in favor of any Consenting Creditor in this Agreement or any Definitive
Document;
(v)
use commercially reasonable efforts to seek additional support for the Restructuring
Transactions from their other material stakeholders; and
(w)
comply with the terms and conditions of that certain Forbearance Agreement dated
as of March 6, 2026 by and between the Obligor Parties and the Required Holders (each, as defined
therein), including the affirmative covenants, obligations and undertakings set forth in sections
6(a-h) thereof.
5.02. Negative Commitments. Except as set forth in Sections 5.03 and 5.04, during the
Agreement Effective Period, each of the Company Parties shall not, without the prior written
consent of the Consenting Creditors, directly or indirectly:
(a)
take any action that is inconsistent with this Agreement, the Definitive Documents,
or the Restructuring Transactions or take any other action that would reasonably be expected to
interfere with, delay, or impede solicitation, implementation, or consummation of, the
Restructuring Transactions;
(b)
modify any Definitive Document, in whole or in part, in a manner that is
inconsistent with this Agreement;
(c)
without the prior written consent of the Required Consenting Creditors which shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, (i) use, sell, or lease any material assets outside the
ordinary course of business, or seek authority of the Bankruptcy Court to do any of the foregoing,
(ii)(x) reject or enter into any material agreement or amendment or (y) grant any material consent
or waiver relating thereto, (iii) enter into any material agreement with any Governmental
Authority, (iv) settle or agree to the amount, priority, or treatment of any claim or liability with an
amount exceeding $100,000, (v) grant any lien on or encumber any material asset, or (vi) enter
into, adopt or amend any executive employment or compensation-related agreement (which shall
include any employee earning greater than $100,000 on an annualized basis) or collective
bargaining agreement outside of the ordinary course of business, except as contemplated by this
Agreement;
(d)
file any motion, pleading, order or any Definitive Documents with the Bankruptcy
Court or any other court (including any modification or amendment thereof) that in whole or in
part, is inconsistent with this Agreement or the Definitive Documents; or
(e)
(i) file or support any motion or application or commence a proceeding (including
seeking formal or informal discovery) that would adversely affect or otherwise impact any right
(economic or otherwise), obligation, or term in favor of any Consenting Creditor in this Agreement
or any Definitive Document; (ii) file or support any motion or application or commence a
proceeding (including seeking formal or informal discovery) seeking to pursue or pursuing claims
or causes of action against any Consenting Creditor; (iii) file or otherwise support, encourage,
seek, solicit, pursue, initiate, assist, join, or participate in any challenge to the validity,
17

enforceability, perfection, or priority of, or any action seeking avoidance, claw-back,
recharacterization, or subordination of, any portion of the Existing Notes Claims or any liens or
collateral securing such Existing Notes Claims, or (iv) support any Person in connection with any
of the actions described in clauses (i),(ii), or (iii).
5.03.

Additional Provisions Regarding the Company Parties’ Commitments.

(a)
During the Agreement Effective Period, the Company Parties shall not, and the
Company Parties shall instruct, direct and cause any person acting on the Company Parties’ behalf
not to, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit, engage in, or participate in any discussions, inquiries,
or negotiations in connection with any proposal or offer relating to a Non-RSA Restructuring
Proposal.
(b)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this
Agreement shall require a Company Party or the Governing Body of a Company Party to take or
refrain from taking any action with respect to the Restructuring Transactions (including
terminating this Agreement under Section 9) to the extent the Governing Body of such Company
Party determines in good faith, after consultation with counsel, that taking or refraining from
taking such action, as applicable, would be inconsistent with its or their fiduciary obligations under
applicable Law. For the avoidance of doubt, any such action or inaction pursuant to this Section
5.03(b) shall not be deemed to constitute a breach of this Agreement. If a Company Party
determines to take any action or refrain from taking any action with respect to the Restructuring
Transactions in reliance on this Section 5.03(b), such Company Party shall promptly (and, in any
event, within two (2) Business Days of such determination) provide written notice of such
determination to counsel of the Consenting Creditors.
(c)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if during the
Agreement Effective Period, any Company Party receives a Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal each
Company Party and its respective directors, managers, officers, employees, investment bankers,
attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other advisors or representatives (including any
Governing Body members) shall have the right to: (i) consider, respond to, negotiate, and facilitate
access to information response to such Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal; (ii) provide access to
non-public information concerning any Company Party to any Entity proposing such Non-RSA
Restructuring Proposal and enter into any Confidentiality Agreement with such Entity in
connection therewith; (iii) maintain or continue discussions or negotiations with respect to such
Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal; (iv) otherwise cooperate with, assist, or participate in any
inquiries, proposals, discussions, or negotiations of such Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal, and
(v) enter into or continue discussions or negotiations with holders of Claims/Interests in a
Company Party (excluding any Consenting Creditor), any other party in interest (including any
official committee and the office of the United States Trustee), or any other Entity that is not a
Party hereto regarding such Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal; provided that the Company Parties
shall (1) notify in writing (email being sufficient) counsel to the Consenting Creditors no later than
one (1) day following the receipt of such Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal, which notice shall
specify the identity of the person making such Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal, all of the material
terms and conditions of such Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal, the action taken or proposed to be
taken by the Company Parties in response thereto, and attach the most current version of any
documentation provided in connection with such Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal and (2) provide
18

counsel to the Consenting Creditors, upon reasonable request, with updates as to the status and
progress of such Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal.
(d)
During the Agreement Effective Period, if, the Governing Body of any Company
Party has determined, in good faith, after consulting with the Company Party’s outside counsel,
investment bankers, financial advisors, and consultants, as applicable, and taking into
consideration all factors, including, without limitation, the likelihood of consummation of such
Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal, any costs or risks of a delay in emergence from the Chapter 11
Cases, and the interests of all creditors, that pursuit of a Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal would
reasonably be expected to be consistent with the Governing Body’s fiduciary duties under
applicable laws, and any of the Company Parties or any person acting on any Company Party’s
behalf determines to pursue implementation of a Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal, the Company
Parties shall notify in writing (email being sufficient) the Consenting Creditors at least two (2)
Business Days in advance of commencing action, which notice shall specify the identity of the
person making such Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal and all of the material terms and conditions
of such Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal and attach the most current version of any proposed
transaction agreement (and any related agreements) providing for such Non-RSA Restructuring
Proposal.
(e)
Nothing in this Agreement shall: (i) impair or waive the rights of any Company
Party to assert or raise any objection permitted under this Agreement in connection with the
implementation of the Restructuring Transactions; (ii) affect the ability of any Company Party to
consult with any Consenting Creditor or any other party in interest (including any official
committee and the United States Trustee); or (iii) prevent any Company Party from enforcing this
Agreement or contesting whether any matter, fact, or thing is a breach of, or is inconsistent with,
this Agreement.
5.04. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5, the Commitments of
Company Parties are intended to be consistent with FCC rules and policies, and are not intended
to give the Consenting Creditors control over programming, personnel, finances, or day-to-day
broadcast operations of the Company Parties, which shall remain solely with the FCC licensees in
compliance with FCC rules and policies. To the extent the Consenting Creditors, in consultation
with the Company Parties, determine that anything herein does, or would reasonably be deemed
to, violate FCC rules or policies, such commitment shall be modified or limited to the minimum
extent necessary to bring such commitment into compliance with FCC rules and policies, as
reasonably determined by the Consenting Creditors in consultation with the Company Parties. All
actions taken and all transactions entered into in connection with this Agreement and the
Restructuring shall comply and be consistent with all applicable FCC rules, orders, and policies.
For the avoidance of doubt, advice from FCC staff that any such commitment violates FCC rules
or policies shall be considered reasonable cause to deem that such a violation does or would exist.
Section 6.

Transfer of Company Claims/Interests and Joinders.

6.01. Except solely to the extent provided in Section 6.02 or 6.04 of this Agreement, this
Agreement shall not limit, restrict, or otherwise affect in any way a Party’s right, authority, or
power to Transfer any Company Claims/Interests, including any right, title, or interest in a
Company Claim/Interest.
19

6.02. Transfer Restrictions. During the Agreement Effective Period, and subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Consenting Creditor agrees, solely with respect to
itself, as expressly identified and limited on its signature page or Joinder, and not in any other
manner or with respect to any Affiliates, not to Transfer any right, title, or interest in a Company
Claim/Interest, unless (i)(a) the Transferee is a Party to this Agreement, or (b) if the Transferee is
not already a Party to this Agreement, the Transferee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms
of this Agreement by executing a Joinder in the form attached to this Agreement and delivering an
executed copy thereof to counsel to the Company Parties and the Consenting Creditors within five
(5) Business Days of such Transfer; (ii) such Transfer is not from a U.S. holder to a Transferee
that is a foreign individual or entity; and (iii) such Transfer would not reasonably be expected to
grant the Transferee and its Affiliates, collectively, the right to receive or acquire, in the aggregate,
5% or greater of the New Common Stock except to the extent that such Transferee and its Affiliates
collectively were already reasonably expected to have the right to receive or acquire, in the
aggregate, 5% or greater of the New Common Stock, and in the case of this clause (ii) and (iii),
except to the extent that the Required Consenting Creditors consents to any such Transfer. Any
such Joinder shall be delivered to counsel to the Company Parties and counsel to the Ad Hoc
Committee in unredacted form (to be held on a confidential, professional eyes’ only basis) and
otherwise may contain redactions of all Company Claim/Interest amounts. Any Transfer in
violation of this Section 6.02 or 6.04 shall be void ab initio and the Company Parties and each
Consenting Creditor shall have the right to enforce the voiding of such transfer.
6.03. General Exception. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
this Section 6 shall not apply to (i) the grant of any lien or encumbrance on any right, title, or
interest in a Company Claim/Interest in favor of a bank or broker-dealer holding custody of any
such right, title, or interest in the Company Claim/Interest in the ordinary course of business that
is released upon the Transfer of any such right, title, or interest, or (ii) any Consenting Creditor’s
pledge or encumbrance of its right, title, or interest in or to any Company Claim/Interest in
connection with its regular course debt financing arrangements.
6.04.

Qualified Marketmaker Exceptions.

(a)
Notwithstanding Section 6.02, a Consenting Creditor may Transfer any right, title,
or interest in its Company Claims/Interests to an entity that is acting in its capacity as a Qualified
Marketmaker without the requirement that the Qualified Marketmaker execute a Joinder or be a
Party to this Agreement, on the condition that (i) such Consenting Creditor provides prompt notice
of any such Transfer no later than the date of such Transfer to counsel to the Company Parties in
accordance with Section 12.10, (ii) any subsequent Transfer by such Qualified Marketmaker of
the right, title, or interest in such Company Claim/Interest is to a Transferee that (A) is a Party to
this Agreement at the time of such Transfer or (B) becomes a Party to this Agreement on or before
the date of such Transfer by executing a Joinder pursuant to Section 6.02(b), (iii) the Transferee is
unaffiliated with such Qualified Marketmaker (and the Transfer documentation between the
transferor Consenting Creditor and such Qualified Marketmaker shall contain a requirement that
provides as such), and (iv) such Transfer would not reasonably be expected to grant the Qualified
Marketmaker and its Affiliates, collectively, the right to receive or acquire, in the aggregate, 5%
or greater of the New Common Stock.

20

(b)
Notwithstanding Section 6.04(a), a Qualified Marketmaker may Transfer any right,
title, or interest in any Company Claims/Interests that it acquires from a Party to this Agreement
to another Qualified Marketmaker (the “Transferee Qualified Marketmaker”) without the
requirement that the Transferee Qualified Marketmaker execute a Joinder or be a Party to this
Agreement, on the condition that (i) the Transferee Qualified Marketmaker agrees that any
subsequent Transfer by such Transferee Qualified Marketmaker of the right, title, or interest in
such Company Claims/Interests will be to a Transferee that (A) is a Party to this Agreement at the
time of such Transfer or (B) becomes a Party to this Agreement by the date of settlement of such
Transfer by executing a Joinder pursuant to Section 6.02(b) (and the Transfer documentation
between the transferor Qualified Marketmaker and such Transferee Qualified Marketmaker shall
contain a requirement that provides as such) and (ii) such Transfer would not reasonably be
expected to grant the Transferee and its Affiliates, collectively, the right to receive or acquire, in
the aggregate, 5% or greater of the New Common Stock.
(c)
At the time of a Transfer by any Consenting Creditor to this Agreement of any
Company Claims/Interests to the Qualified Marketmaker:
(i)
if such Company Claims/Interests may be voted in favor of the Plan, the
Party transferring its Company Claims/Interests must first vote such Company Claims/Interests in
accordance with the requirements of this Agreement; and
(ii)
to the extent that a Qualified Marketmaker that is not otherwise a Party to
this Agreement is eligible and entitled to vote the Company Claims/Interests acquired pursuant to
Section 6.04(a) above, is not otherwise precluded from voting such Company Claims/Interests in
favor of the Plan, and receives a separate ballot for such Company Claims/Interests, such Qualified
Marketmaker shall, before the expiration of the Plan voting deadline established by the Bankruptcy
Court, vote such Company Claims/Interests in favor of the Plan as contemplated hereunder.
(d)
Notwithstanding Section 6.02, to the extent that a Party to this Agreement is acting
in its capacity as a Qualified Marketmaker, it may Transfer any right, title, or interest in any
Company Claim/Interest that it acquires from a holder of such Company Claims/Interests that is
not a Party to this Agreement without the requirement that the transferee execute a Joinder or be a
Party hereto.
6.05. Joinder. A Transferee that becomes a Party to this Agreement as provided in
Section 6.02(b) shall deliver a copy of the executed Joinder in accordance with Section 6.02
provided, however, failure to deliver a copy of such Joinder after the execution thereof by the
Parties shall not affect the Party’s or Transferee’s obligations under this Agreement with respect
to such Company Claims/Interests or render the Transfer void ab initio with respect to such
Company Claims/Interests. The Joinder shall be treated as confidential information and shall not
be disclosed without prior written reasonable consent of the Transferee.
6.06. Effect of Delivery of Joinder. By executing and delivering a Joinder as provided
under Section 6.02 or 6.04, a Transferee:
(a)
becomes and shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as a Party to
this Agreement with respect to the Transferred Company Claims/Interests and with respect to all
21

other Company Claims/Interests that the Transferee holds and subsequently acquires, subject to
Section 6.03 and Section 6.04(d);
(b)
agrees to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement (as such terms may be
amended from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof); and
(c)
is deemed, without further action, to make to the other Parties hereto the
representations and warranties that the Parties to this Agreement make in Section 6 of this
Agreement, in each case as of the date of the Joinder.
6.07. Effect of Transfer. A Party to this Agreement that Transfers any right, title, or
interest in any Company Claims/Interests in accordance with the terms of this Section 6 shall be
deemed to relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under this Agreement solely to
the extent of such Transferred Company Claims/Interests; provided, however, that in no event shall
such Transfer relieve any Party from liability for its breach or non-performance of its obligations
under this Agreement prior to such Transfer.
6.08. Additional Claims. This Agreement shall not limit, restrict, or otherwise affect in
any way a Party’s right, authority, or power to acquire any Company Claims/Interests in addition
to the Party’s Company Claims/Interests as of the date hereof, and such acquired Company
Claims/Interests shall automatically and immediately upon acquisition by a Party be deemed to be
subject to the terms of this Agreement, except as set forth in Section 6.04 above (regardless of
when or whether notice of such acquisition is given to counsel to the Company Parties, as described
below); provided that such acquisition of Company Claims/Interests would not grant such Party
and its Affiliates, collectively, the right to receive or acquire, in the aggregate, 5% or greater of
the New Common Stock. During the Agreement Effective Period, to the extent any Party to this
Agreement acquires additional Company Claims/Interests, such Party shall provide notice of any
such acquisition to counsel to the Company Parties and counsel to the Ad Hoc Committee,
including the amount and type of Company Claims/Interests acquired on a confidential,
professional eyes only basis, within five (5) Business Days after such acquisition; provided that
such notice may deemed to be provided by the filing of a statement with the Bankruptcy Court as
required by Rule 2019 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure.
6.09. No Obligation. This Section 6 shall not by its terms impose any obligation on any
Company Party to issue any “cleansing letter” or otherwise publicly disclose information for the
purpose of enabling a Consenting Creditor to Transfer any of its Company Claims/Interests.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if a Company Party and another Party
have entered into a Confidentiality Agreement, the terms of such Confidentiality Agreement shall
continue to apply and remain in full force and effect according to its terms, and this Agreement
does not supersede any rights or obligations of the Company Parties otherwise arising under such
Confidentiality Agreements.
Section 7.
Parties.

Representations and Warranties of Consenting Creditors and Company

7.01. Each Consenting Creditor severally, and not jointly, represents and warrants that,
as of the date such Consenting Creditor executes and delivers this Agreement and as of the
22

Agreement Effective Date (or, in the case of a Consenting Creditor that becomes a party hereto
after the Agreement Effective Date, as of the date such Consenting Creditor becomes a Party to
this Agreement by executing and delivering a Joinder) and as of the Plan Effective Date:
(a)
it is the beneficial or record owner of the aggregate principal amount of the
Company Claims/Interests or is the nominee, investment manager, or advisor for beneficial holders
of the Company Claims/Interests reflected in, and, having made reasonable inquiry, is not the
beneficial or record owner of any Company Claims/Interests other than those reflected in, such
Consenting Creditor’s signature page to this Agreement or a Joinder, as applicable (as may be
updated pursuant to Section 6);
(b)
it has the full power and authority to act on behalf of, vote, and consent to matters
concerning, such Company Claims/Interests; and
(c)
such Company Claims/Interests are free and clear of any pledge, lien, security
interest, charge, claim, equity, option, proxy, voting restriction, right of first refusal, or other
limitation on disposition, transfer, or encumbrances of any kind, that would adversely affect in any
way such Consenting Creditor’s ability to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement at
the time such obligations are required to be performed.
7.02. Each Company Party, jointly and severally, represents and warrants that, as of the
date such Party executes and delivers this Agreement and as of the Agreement Effective Date and
the Plan Effective Date:
(a)
the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement (i) are all within the
Company Parties’ corporate or limited liability company powers, as applicable, (ii) are not in
contravention of law or the terms of the Company’s certificate or articles of organization or
formation, operating agreement, or other organizational documentation, or any indenture,
agreement, or undertaking to which any of the Company Parties are a party or by which any such
entity or its property are bound, and (iii) shall not result in the creation or imposition of any lien,
claim, charge, or encumbrance, other than liens permitted by the New Indenture and any additional
documents to be executed in connection with the issuance of the New Secured Notes; and
(b)
all documents, certificates, or other writings delivered to the members of the Ad
Hoc Committee or its advisors by or on behalf of any Company Party in connection with an actual
or potential restructuring of the Company Parties, do not, taken as a whole, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that
with respect to any projected financial information, forecasts, estimates, or forward-looking
information, the Company Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith
based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
Section 8.
Mutual Representations, Warranties, and Covenants. Each of the Parties,
severally, and not jointly, represents, warrants, and covenants to each other Party that, as of the
date such Party executes and delivers this Agreement and as of the Agreement Effective Date (or,
in the case of a Consenting Creditor that becomes a party hereto after the Agreement Effective

23

Date, as of the date such Consenting Creditor becomes a Party to this Agreement by executing and
delivering a Joinder) and as of the Plan Effective Date:
(a)
it is validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the state of its
organization, incorporation, or formation, and this Agreement is a legal, valid, and binding
obligation of such Party, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement
may be limited by applicable Laws relating to or limiting creditors’ rights generally or by equitable
principles relating to enforceability;
(b)
except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the Plan, or the Bankruptcy Code,
no consent or approval is required by any other Entity or Person in order for it to effectuate the
Restructuring Transactions contemplated by, and perform its respective obligations under, this
Agreement;
(c)
the entry into and performance by it of, and the transactions contemplated by, this
Agreement do not, and will not, conflict in any material respect with any Law or regulation
applicable to it or with any of its articles of association, memorandum of association, or other
constitutional documents;
(d)
it has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to enter into, execute,
and deliver this Agreement and it has (or will have, at the relevant time) all requisite corporate or
similar power and authority to effectuate the Restructuring Transactions and carry out the
transactions contemplated by, and perform its respective obligations under, this Agreement; and
(e)
it is not a party to any restructuring or similar agreement with other Parties to this
Agreement that relates to the Company Parties and has not been disclosed to all Parties to this
Agreement.
Section 9.
Termination Events. Consenting Creditor Termination Events. This Agreement
may be terminated by the Required Consenting Creditors by delivering to counsel to the other
Parties a written notice (a “Consenting Creditor Termination Notice”) upon and at any time
following the occurrence of any of the following events (unless waived in writing by the Required
Consenting Creditors):
(a)
the breach in any material respect by a Company Party of any of its agreements,
covenants, or commitments set forth in this Agreement that remains uncured (to the extent curable)
for five (5) Business Days after delivery of the Consenting Creditor Termination Notice specifying
any such breach;
(b)
any representation or warranty made by the Company Parties under this Agreement
shall be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect;
(c)
the failure to meet any Milestone, which has not been waived or extended in a
manner consistent with this Agreement, unless such failure is the result of any act, omission, or
delay on the part of the terminating Consenting Creditors in violation of its obligations under this
Agreement;

24

(d)
The Company Parties fail to pay any Consenting Creditor Fees and Expenses in
accordance with this Agreement;
(e)
any of the Company Parties provides notice of its intent to pursue or pursues a NonRSA Restructuring Proposal;
(f)
any Company Party delivers a notice in accordance with Sections 5.03(a) or (c) of
this Agreement or fails to provide a notice required under Sections 5.03(a) or (c) of this Agreement;
(g)
the issuance by any Governmental Authority, including any regulatory authority or
court of competent jurisdiction, of any final, non-appealable ruling, judgment or order that
(a) would have the effect of preventing consummation of Restructuring Transactions or (b) would
have an adverse effect on a material provision of this Agreement or a material adverse effect on
the Company Parties’ businesses, and such ruling, judgment, or order has been issued at the request
of or with the acquiescence of any Company Party or, in all other cases, remains in effect for
twenty (20) Business Days after delivery of a Consenting Creditor Termination Notice identifying
any such issuance; provided that the vote of any Consenting Creditor that sought or requested such
ruling or order shall not be taken into account in determining whether the consent of the Required
Consenting Creditors has been achieved with respect to this termination right;
(h)
the entry of an order by the Bankruptcy Court, or the filing of a motion or
application by any Company Party seeking an order (without the prior written consent of the
Required Consenting Creditors) (i) converting one or more of the Chapter 11 Cases of a Company
Party to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) dismissing any of the Chapter 11
Cases, (iii) terminating any Company Party’s exclusive right to file and/or solicit acceptances of a
plan of reorganization (including the Plan), or (iv) appointing an examiner with expanded powers,
a trustee, or a receiver; provided that the vote of any Consenting Creditor that sought, requested,
or supported such order or failed to oppose such ruling or order shall not be taken into account in
determining whether the consent of the Required Consenting Creditors has been achieved with
respect to this termination right;
(i)
any Company Party files or otherwise supports, encourages, seeks, solicits, pursues,
initiates, assists, joins, or participates in any challenge to the validity, enforceability, perfection,
or priority of, or any action seeking avoidance, claw-back, recharacterization, or subordination of,
any portion of the Existing Notes Claims or any liens or collateral securing such Existing Notes
Claim;
(j)
any Company Party seeks or obtains debtor-in-possession financing without the
prior written consent of the Required Consenting Creditors;
(k)
the termination of any debtor-in-possession financing or the acceleration of any
obligations thereunder or the termination of any Company Party’s authorization to use cash
collateral;
(l)
any of the Definitive Documents, after completion, (i) contain terms, conditions,
representations, warranties, or covenants that are materially inconsistent with this Agreement
(including the Restructuring Term Sheet), (ii) shall have been materially and adversely amended
or modified, or (iii) shall have been withdrawn, in each case, without the consent of the Required
25

Consenting Creditors; provided that such error has not been cured (if susceptible to cure) within
two (2) Business Days after transmittal of a written notice from the Required Consenting Creditors;
(m)
in the case of a Definitive Document that is an order, including the Confirmation
Order, any cash collateral order, or order approving postpetition financing, such order shall have
been materially stayed, reversed, vacated, or modified in a way adverse to the Consenting
Creditors, without the prior written consent of the Required Consenting Creditors;
(n)
prior to the Petition Date, any Company Party (i) voluntarily commences any case
or files any petition seeking winding up, dissolution, liquidation, administration, moratorium,
receivership, or other relief under any federal, state, or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,
administrative receivership, or similar law now or hereafter in effect, except as contemplated by
this Agreement or (ii) applies for or consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator,
administrative receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator, or similar official with
respect to any Company Party or for a substantial part of such Company Party’s assets;
(o)
the Bankruptcy Court denies confirmation of the Plan; and such order denying
confirmation of the Plan order remains in effect for five (5) Business Days after entry of the order;
provided, however, that if the denial of confirmation of the Plan (i) is due to a technical infirmity
that does not require re-solicitation of the Plan and Disclosure Statement to cure such infirmity
and (ii) does not impact the economic recovery, rights of or terms provided to the Consenting
Creditors under the Plan, the Consenting Creditors and the Company Parties shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cure the technical infirmity causing the basis for the denial and,
if the Consenting Creditors have agreed to such cure (evidenced in writing, which may be by email)
within five (5) Business Days of such denial, then no one Consenting Creditor may terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.01(o);
(p)
the failure of the Company Parties to (i) obtain entry of the Confirmation Order
within 150 days of the Petition Date, or (ii) consummate the Restructuring Transactions within
330 days of the Agreement Effective Date, in each case, unless such deadline has been waived or
extended in accordance with this Agreement, provided that, in each case, if such failure is the result
of any act, omission, or delay on the part of any Consenting Creditor in violation of its obligations
under this Agreement, then the vote of such Consenting Creditor shall not be taken into account in
determining whether the consent of the Required Consenting Creditors has been achieved with
respect to this termination right;
(q)

SBS shall have breached or terminated the M3 Fee Letter or the Milbank Fee Letter;

(r)

any Company Party terminates any of its obligations under this Agreement.

and

9.02. Company Party Termination Events. This Agreement may be terminated by a
Company Party by delivering to counsel to the other Parties a written notice (email being
sufficient) (a “Company Termination Notice”) upon and at any time following the occurrence of
the following events (unless waived in writing by the Company Party):
(a)
the breach by a Consenting Creditor of any of the covenants of such Party set forth
in this Agreement that would have, or would reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse
26

effect on the Restructuring Transactions, which breach remains uncured (to the extent curable) for
five (5) Business Days after delivery of the Company Termination Notice detailing any such
breach;
(b)
the Consenting Creditors entitled to vote on the Plan will have failed to timely vote
their Company Claims/Interests in favor of the Plan or at any time change their votes to constitute
rejections to the Plan, in either case in a manner inconsistent with this Agreement; provided, that,
this Company Termination Event will not apply if sufficient holders of Claims have timely voted
(and not withdrawn) their Company Claims/Interests to accept the Plan in amounts necessary for
each applicable impaired class under the Plan to “accept” the Plan consistent with Section 1126 of
the Bankruptcy Code;
(c)
in accordance with Section 5.03(b), the Governing Body of any Company Party
determines in good faith, after consulting with outside counsel, that proceeding with the
Restructuring Transactions would be inconsistent with the exercise of its fiduciary duties or
applicable Law;
(d)
the Company Parties determine to pursue a Non-RSA Restructuring Proposal in
accordance with Section 5.03(d);
(e)
the Bankruptcy Court denies confirmation of the Plan; and such order denying
confirmation of the Plan order remains in effect for five (5) Business Days after entry of the order;
provided, however, that if the denial of confirmation of the Plan (i) is due to a technical infirmity
that does not require re-solicitation of the Plan and Disclosure Statement to cure such infirmity
and (ii) does not impact the economic recovery, rights of or terms provided to the Consenting
Creditors under the Plan, the Consenting Creditors and the Company Parties shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to cure the technical infirmity causing the basis for the denial and,
if the Consenting Creditors have agreed to such cure (evidenced in writing, which may be by email)
within five (5) Business Days of such denial, then no Company Party may terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.02(d).
(f)
any Consenting Creditor files any motion, pleading, or related document with the
Bankruptcy Court that is materially inconsistent with this Agreement or the Definitive Documents,
and such motion, pleading, or related document has not been withdrawn within ten (10) Business
Days of the Company Parties receiving written notice in accordance with Section 12.10 of this
Agreement that such motion, pleading, or related document is materially inconsistent with this
Agreement; or
(g)
the issuance by any Governmental Authority, including any regulatory authority or
court of competent jurisdiction, of any final, non-appealable ruling, judgment or order that would
have the effect of preventing consummation of Restructuring Transactions and remains in effect
for twenty (20) Business Days after delivery of a Consenting Creditor Termination Notice
identifying any such issuance; provided that this termination right may not be exercised by any
Company Party that sought or requested such ruling or order or failed to oppose such ruling or
order; or

27

(h)
the entry of an order by the Bankruptcy Court, or the filing of a motion or
application by any Consenting Creditor seeking an order converting one or more of the Chapter
11 Cases of a Company Party to a case under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code; provided that this
termination right may not be exercised if a Company Party sought, requested or supported such
order.
9.03. Individual Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any individual
Consenting Creditor by delivering to counsel to the other Parties a written notice following any
failure of the Company Parties to: (i) obtain entry of the Confirmation Order within 180 days of
the Petition Date, or (ii) consummate the Restructuring Transactions within 360 days of the
Agreement Effective Date (the “Outside Date”), provided that, in each case, if such failure is the
result of any act, omission, or delay on the part of such Consenting Creditor in violation of its
obligations under this Agreement, then this termination right may not be exercised by such
Consenting Creditor; provided further that for purposes of this Section 9.03, the Outside Date shall
automatically be extended by 90 days in the event that the only remaining impediment to
consummation of the Restructuring Transactions is receipt of the required approval of the FCC or
any other Governmental Authority whose approval is required in order to consummate the
Restructuring Transactions.
9.04. Mutual Termination. This Agreement, and the obligations of all Parties hereunder,
may be terminated by mutual written agreement among all of the following: (a) the Required
Consenting Creditors, and (b) each Company Party.
9.05. Automatic Termination. This Agreement shall terminate automatically as to all
Parties without any further required action or notice immediately upon the earlier of (a) the Plan
Effective Date and (b) entry of a final non-appealable judgment or order by the Bankruptcy Court
or other court of competent jurisdiction declaring this Agreement to be unenforceable.
9.06. Effect of Termination. After the occurrence of the Termination Date as to a Party,
this Agreement shall be of no further force and effect as to such Party and each Party shall (a) be
released from its commitments, undertakings, and agreements under or related to this Agreement,
(b) have the rights and remedies that it would have had, had it not entered into this Agreement,
and (c) be entitled to take all actions, whether with respect to the Restructuring Transactions or
otherwise, that it would have been entitled to take had it not entered into this Agreement, including
with respect to any and all Company Claims/Interests held by such Party; provided, however, that,
notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else to the contrary in this or any other document or
agreement, in no event shall such termination relieve any Party from (i) liability for its breach or
non-performance of its obligations under this Agreement prior to the Termination Date as to such
Party or (ii) obligations under this Agreement which by their terms expressly survive termination
of this Agreement. Upon the occurrence of a Termination Date prior to the Confirmation Order
being entered by the Bankruptcy Court, any and all consents or ballots tendered by the Parties
subject to such termination before such Termination Date shall be deemed, for all purposes, to be
null and void from the first instance and shall not be considered or otherwise used in any manner
by the Parties in connection with the Restructuring Transactions and this Agreement or otherwise.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting a Company Party or any of the
Consenting Creditors from contesting whether any such termination is in accordance with its terms
or to seek enforcement of any rights under this Agreement that arose or existed before a
28

Termination Date. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement is
intended to, or does, in any manner waive, limit, impair, or restrict (a) any right of any Company
Party or the ability of any Company Party to protect and preserve its rights (including rights under
this Agreement), remedies, and interests, including its claims against any Consenting Creditor, and
(b) any right of any Consenting Creditor, or the ability of any Consenting Creditor, to protect and
preserve its rights (including rights under this Agreement), remedies, and interests, including its
claims against any Company Party or Consenting Creditor. No purported termination of this
Agreement shall be effective under this Section 9 or otherwise if the Party seeking to terminate
this Agreement is in material breach of this Agreement.
Section 10.

Milestones.

The following milestones (collectively, the “Milestones”) shall apply to this Agreement unless
extended or waived in writing by the Required Consenting Creditors (which extension or waiver
may be effected by email from Milbank LLP to counsel to the Company Parties):
(a)

if the Prepack Timeline applies:
(i)

the Petition Date shall have occurred no later than 30 days after the Prepack

Election Date;
(ii)
within one (1) Business Day of the Petition Date, the Company Parties shall
file (x) the First Day Pleadings, (y) the Disclosure Statement, and (z) the Plan;
(iii) within three (3) Business Days of the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court
shall have entered the Interim DIP Order;
(iv)
no later than the date that is 55 days after the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy
Court shall have entered the Final DIP Order, Disclosure Statement Order, and the Confirmation
Order; and
(v)
the Plan Effective Date shall have occurred no later than 180 days after the
entry of the Confirmation Order;
(b)

if the Prepack Timeline does not apply:
(i)

the Petition Date shall have occurred no later than May 1, 2026;

(ii)
within one (1) Business Day of the Petition Date, the Company Entities shall
file the First Day Pleadings,
(iii) within three (3) Business Days of the Petition Date, the Bankruptcy Court
shall have entered the Interim DIP Order;
(iv)
within 15 days of the Petition Date the Company Parties shall file (y) the
Disclosure Statement and (z) the Plan; provided that if the Sale Pivot Date has occurred prior to

29

the expiration of this Milestone, the Milestone set forth below in Section 10(c)(i) shall apply
instead;
(v)
within 30 days of the Petition Date the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered
the Final DIP Order;
(vi)
no later than the date that is 45 days after the Company Parties have filed
the Disclosure Statement, the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Disclosure Statement Order;
provided that if the Sale Pivot Date has occurred after the filing of the original Disclosure
Statement, the Milestones set forth below in Section 10(c)(i)–(c)(iv) shall apply instead;
(vii) no later than 45 days after entry of the Disclosure Statement Order, the
Bankruptcy Court shall have entered the Confirmation Order; provided that if the Sale Pivot Date
has occurred after the entry of a Disclosure Statement Order, the Milestones set forth below in
Section 10(c)(i)–(c)(iv) shall apply instead;
(viii) the Plan Effective Date shall have occurred no later than 180 days after entry
of the Confirmation Order;
(c)

if the Sale Pivot Date has occurred:

(i)
within 30 days of the Sale Pivot Date, the Company Parties shall file (x) a
Plan (or amended Plan, as applicable), (y) Disclosure Statement (or amended Disclosure Statement
as applicable), and (z) other documentation to implement the Sale Pivot Transaction (the date of
such filing, the “Sale Pivot Documentation Date”);
(ii)
within 45 days of the Sale Pivot Documentation Date, the Bankruptcy Court
shall have entered the Disclosure Statement Order;
(iii) within 105 days of the Sale Pivot Documentation Date, the Bankruptcy
Court shall have entered the Confirmation Order; and
(iv)
within 180 days of the entry of the Confirmation Order, the Plan Effective
Date shall have occurred.
Section 11.

Amendments and Waivers.

(a)
This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or supplemented, and no condition
or requirement of this Agreement may be waived, in any manner except in accordance with this
Section 11. Any proposed modification, amendment, waiver, or supplement that does not comply
with this Section 11 shall be ineffective and void ab initio.
(b)
This Agreement may be modified, amended, or supplemented, or a condition or
requirement of this Agreement may be waived, only if in a writing signed by (i) each Company
Party, and (ii) the Required Consenting Creditors; provided that any modification, amendment, or
supplement to (a) this Section 11 shall require the written consent of all Parties or (b) Section 9.03
hereof shall require the written consent of each Consenting Creditor.

30

(c)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, following the
execution of any Definitive Document, any amendments, supplements, or modifications to such
Definitive Document shall be in accordance with the terms of such Definitive Document and no
longer be subject to the consent or approval rights set forth herein.
(d)
The waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not
operate or be construed as (i) a further or continuing waiver of such breach, (ii) a waiver of any
other or subsequent breach, or (iii) a waiver of any provision of this Agreement by another Party.
No failure on the part of any Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power, or
remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any such right, power, or remedy or any
provision of this Agreement, nor shall any single or partial exercise of such right, power, or remedy
by such Party preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power, or remedy or the exercise
of any other right, power, or remedy. All remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and are
not exclusive of any other remedies provided by Law.
Section 12.

Miscellaneous.

12.01. Acknowledgement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this
Agreement is not and shall not be deemed to be an offer with respect to any securities or solicitation
of votes for the acceptance of a plan of reorganization for purposes of sections 1125 and 1126 of
the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise. Any such offer or solicitation will be made only in compliance
with all applicable securities Laws, provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, and/or other applicable
Law.
12.02. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference; Conflicts. Each of the exhibits, annexes,
signatures pages, and schedules attached to this Agreement (together with any exhibits, annexes,
or schedules thereto), including the Restructuring Term Sheet, is expressly incorporated and made
a part of this Agreement, and all references to this Agreement shall include such exhibits, annexes,
and schedules (it being understood and agreed that any actions and obligations required to be taken
by any Party that are included in the exhibits attached to this Agreement, but not in this Agreement
are to be considered “covenants” of such Party and therefore covenants of this Agreement,
notwithstanding the failure of any specific provision in any of the exhibits to be re-copied into this
Agreement). In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement (without reference to the
exhibits, annexes, and schedules attached to this Agreement) and the exhibits, annexes, and
schedules attached to this Agreement, this Agreement (without reference to the exhibits, annexes,
and schedules thereto) shall govern, provided, that in the event of any inconsistency between this
Agreement and the Restructuring Term Sheet, the terms and conditions set forth in the
Restructuring Term Sheet shall govern until such time as the Plan has been confirmed, at which
time, the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, to the extent intended to supersede the
Restructuring Term Sheet, shall govern.
12.03. Further Assurances. Subject to the other terms of this Agreement, the Parties agree
to execute and deliver such other instruments and perform such acts, in addition to the matters
specified in this Agreement, as may be reasonably appropriate or necessary, or as may be required
by order of the Bankruptcy Court, from time to time, to effectuate the Restructuring Transactions,
as applicable.

31

12.04. Complete Agreement. Except as otherwise explicitly provided in this Agreement,
this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject
matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements, oral or written, among the Parties
with respect thereto, other than any Confidentiality Agreement. The Parties acknowledge and
agree that they are not relying on any representations or warranties other than as set forth in this
Agreement.
12.05. GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; SELECTION OF
FORUM. The rights and obligations hereunder of each of the parties hereto shall be governed by
and interpreted and determined in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York but
excluding any principles of conflicts of law or other rule of law that would cause the application
of the law of any jurisdiction other than the laws of the State of New York. Each Party to this
Agreement agrees that it shall bring any action or proceeding in respect of any claim arising out
of or related to this Agreement, to the extent possible, in the Chosen Court, and solely in connection
with claims arising out of or related to this Agreement: (a) irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Chosen Court; (b) waives any objection to laying venue in any such action or
proceeding in the Chosen Court; (c) waives any objection that the Chosen Court is an inconvenient
forum or does not have jurisdiction over any Party to this Agreement; and (d) waives any right to
seek to transfer any such action or proceeding to any other court.
12.06. TRIAL BY JURY WAIVER. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.
12.07. Execution of Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, but all of such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement.
In making proof of this Agreement, it shall not be necessary to produce or account for more than
one counterpart thereof signed by each of the Parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of this Agreement by PDF shall have the same force and effect as delivery of an original executed
counterpart of this Agreement. The failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not
affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Agreement as to any Party. Except as
expressly provided in this Agreement, each Person executing this Agreement on behalf of a Party
has been duly authorized and empowered to execute and deliver this Agreement on behalf of said
Party.
12.08. Rules of Construction. This Agreement is the product of negotiations among the
Company Parties and the Consenting Creditors, and in the enforcement or interpretation of this
Agreement, is to be interpreted in a neutral manner, and any presumption with regard to
interpretation for or against any Party by reason of that Party having drafted or caused to be drafted
this Agreement, or any portion of this Agreement, shall not be effective in regard to the
interpretation of this Agreement. The Company Parties and the Consenting Creditors were each
represented by counsel during the negotiations and drafting of this Agreement and continue to be
represented by counsel.
12.09. Successors and Assigns; Third Parties. Subject to Section 6, neither this Agreement
nor any of the rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned by any Party hereto without the
32

prior written consent of the other Parties hereto, and then only to a Person who has agreed to be
bound by the provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement is intended to and shall bind and
inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective permitted successors and permitted assigns,
as applicable. There are no third-party beneficiaries under this Agreement. Except as set forth in
Section 6, the rights or obligations of any Party under this Agreement may not be assigned,
delegated, or transferred to any other Entity except as expressly permitted by this Agreement.
12.10. Notices. All notices hereunder shall be deemed given if in writing and delivered,
by electronic mail, courier, or registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), to the
following addresses (or at such other addresses as shall be specified by like notice):
(a)

if to a Company Party, to:
c/o Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc.
Attn: Richard D. Lara, EVP and General Counsel
7007 N.W. 77th Avenue
Miami, Florida 33166
E-mail: rlara@sbscorporate.com
With copies to:
Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP
One New York Plaza
New York, New York 10004
Attn: Jennifer L. Rodburg
E-Mail: jennifer.rodburg@friedfrank.com
And
Morris, Nichols, Arsht & Tunnell LLP
1201 North Market Street
P.O. Box 1347
Wilmington, Delaware 19899-1347
Attn: Robert J. Dehney Sr.
E-Mail: rdehney@morrisnichols.com

(b)

if to a Consenting Creditor, to:
the address listed on such Consenting Creditor’s signature page hereto or in any
Joinder
with copies to:
Milbank LLP
55 Hudson Yards
New York, New York 10001
Attn: Adam Moses; Michael Price; Andrew Harmeyer
33

E-mail: amoses@milbank.com; mprice@milbank.com; aharmeyer@milbank.com
Any notice given by delivery, mail, or courier shall be effective when received.
12.11. Independent Due Diligence and Decision Making. The Consenting Creditors
confirm that their decision to execute this Agreement has been based upon its independent
investigation of the operations, businesses, financial and other conditions, and prospects of the
Company Parties. The Consenting Creditors acknowledge and agree that it is not relying on any
representations or warranties other than as set forth in this Agreement.
12.12. Admissibility. Pursuant to Federal Rule of Evidence 408 and any other applicable
rules of evidence, this Agreement and all negotiations relating to this Agreement shall not be
admissible into evidence in any proceeding other than a proceeding to enforce its terms or the
payment of damages or any other remedy to which a Party may be entitled under this Agreement.
12.13. Specific Performance. It is understood and agreed by the Parties that irreparable
damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with
the terms hereof, and that money damages would be an insufficient remedy for any breach of this
Agreement by any Party. Each non-breaching Party shall be entitled to seek specific performance
and injunctive or other equitable relief (without the posting of any bond or other security and
without proof of actual damages) as a remedy of any such breach, including an order of the
Bankruptcy Court or other court of competent jurisdiction requiring any Party to comply promptly
with any and all of its obligations hereunder in addition to any other remedy, including money
damages, to which they are entitled at law or in equity.
12.14. Several, Not Joint, Claims. Except where otherwise specified, the agreements,
representations, warranties, and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement are, in all respects,
several and not joint.
12.15. Severability and Construction. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by
a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions
shall remain in full force and effect if essential terms and conditions of this Agreement for each
Party remain valid, binding, and enforceable.
12.16. Remedies Cumulative. All rights, powers, and remedies provided under this
Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at Law or in equity shall be cumulative and
not alternative, and the exercise of any right, power, or remedy thereof by any Party shall not
preclude the simultaneous or later exercise of any other such right, power, or remedy by such Party.
12.17. Email Consents. Where a written consent, acceptance, approval, or waiver is
required pursuant to or contemplated by this Agreement, including a written approval by the
Company Parties or the Required Consenting Creditors, such written consent, acceptance,
approval, or waiver shall be deemed to have occurred if, by agreement between counsel to the
Parties submitting and receiving such consent, acceptance, approval, or waiver, it is conveyed in
writing (including electronic mail) between each such counsel without representations or
warranties of any kind on behalf of such counsel.

34

12.18. Fees and Expenses. As a condition precedent to the Agreement Effective Date, the
Company Parties shall pay in full in cash all Consenting Creditor Fees and Expenses accrued and
not yet paid by the Company Parties to the extent invoiced before the Agreement Effective Date.
Regardless of whether the Restructuring Transactions are or have been consummated, and subject
to the terms of any applicable fee letter, engagement letter, or reimbursement letter, the Company
Parties shall promptly pay in full in cash all Consenting Creditor Fees and Expenses; provided that
the Company Parties shall not be responsible for any Consenting Creditor Fees and Expenses
incurred after termination of this Agreement (except as otherwise required pursuant to any order
of the Bankruptcy Court). The Company Parties agree that such payments shall be made without
any requirement to satisfy any guidelines of the Office of the United States Trustee and without
the need for further notice, application to, or approval from the Bankruptcy Court. Any invoices
delivered pursuant to this Section 12.18 shall be in summary format, without the need to provide
attorney or other professional time entries, and may be redacted as necessary to maintain attorneyclient privilege. The Definitive Documents shall contain appropriate provisions to give effect to
the obligations provided for in this Section 12.18. Any amendment or modification to any fee
letter or engagement letter of any financial advisor, to the extent giving rise to a claim to
reimbursement or payment from any Company Party, shall require the prior written consent of the
Required Consenting Creditors. The Company Parties’ obligations to pay current and timely the
Consenting Creditor Fees and Expenses shall be subject to any necessary authorizations and
applicable orders of the Bankruptcy Court.
12.19. Survival. Notwithstanding (a) any Transfer of any Company Claims/Interests in
accordance with Section 6 or (b) the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9, the
agreements and obligations of the Parties in Section 1.02, Section 7.02, Section 9.06, Section 11,
and Section 12, any defined terms used in any of the foregoing Sections (solely to the extent used
therein) and the Confidentiality Agreements shall survive such Transfer and/or termination and
shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.
12.20. Enforceability of Agreement. If the Chapter 11 Cases are commenced, each of the
Parties waives any right to assert that the exercise of termination rights under this Agreement is
subject to the automatic stay provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, and expressly stipulates and
consents hereunder to the prospective modification of the automatic stay provisions of the
Bankruptcy Code for purposes of exercising termination rights under this Agreement, to the extent
the Bankruptcy Court determines that such relief is required. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, upon the commencement of any Chapter 11 Cases and for the duration thereof, unless
and until there is (and to the extent there is) an unstayed order of the Bankruptcy Court providing
that the giving of notice under and termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms is
not prohibited by the automatic stay imposed by section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code, the
occurrence of a Termination Event or a breach that would give rise to a Termination Event
following the delivery of notice shall result in the automatic termination of this Agreement with
respect to each Party for which this Agreement would terminate if the Parties having the right to
terminate this Agreement (the “Requisite Notice Parties”) were permitted to provide notice of such
occurrence or breach in accordance with this Agreement, upon the date that is five (5) days
following such occurrence or breach, unless the Requisite Notice Parties waive such Termination
Event in writing.

35

12.21. Relationship Among Parties. It is understood and agreed that no Consenting
Creditor owes any duty of trust or confidence of any kind or form to any other Party as a result of
entering into this Agreement. In this regard, it is understood and agreed that any Consenting
Creditor may trade in Company Claims/Interests without the consent of any Party, subject to the
terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that no Consenting Creditor shall have any
responsibility for any such trading to any other Person by virtue of this Agreement. No prior
history, pattern, or practice of sharing confidences among or between the Parties shall in any way
affect or negate this understanding and agreement. No Consenting Creditor shall, as a result of its
entering into and performing its obligations under this Agreement, be deemed to be part of a
“group” (as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and the rules and regulations thereunder) with any other Party.
12.22. Regulatory Matters. The Company Parties shall (a) promptly furnish to counsel to
the Ad Hoc Committee copies of any notices or written communications to any Company Party
received from the FCC or any other Governmental Authority, and (b) provide the Ad Hoc
Committee and its legal and financial advisors a reasonable opportunity to review in advance any
proposed filing or other communications by any Company Party to any Governmental Authority,
which proposed filing or other communications shall be reasonably acceptable to the Required
Consenting Creditors. The Company Parties shall provide the legal and financial advisors to the
Ad Hoc Committee an opportunity, on reasonable advance notice, to participate in any substantive
meetings or discussions, either in person or by telephone, between the Company Parties and/or
any of their representatives, on the one hand, and any such Governmental Authority, on the other
hand, concerning the transactions contemplated herein.
12.23. Publicity. The Company Parties shall submit drafts to counsel to the Consenting
Creditors of any press releases or other public statements that constitute disclosure of the existence
or terms of this Agreement or any amendment to the terms of this Agreement at least two (2)
Business Days prior to making any such disclosure (provided, however, that if delivery of such
document at least two (2) Business days in advance of such disclosure is impossible or
impracticable under the circumstances, such document shall be delivered as soon as otherwise
practicable), and shall afford them a reasonable opportunity under the circumstances to comment
on such documents and disclosures and shall incorporate any such reasonable comments in good
faith. Except as required by Law or otherwise permitted under the terms of any other agreement
between the Company Parties and any Consenting Creditors, no Party or its advisors shall (a) use
the name of any Consenting Creditor in any public manner (including in any press release) with
respect to this Agreement, the Restructuring Transactions, or any of the Definitive Documents or
(b) disclose to any Person (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any other Party) the principal
amount or percentage of any Company Claims/Interests held by any individual Consenting
Creditor, in each case, without such Consenting Creditor’s prior written consent (it being
understood and agreed that each Consenting Creditor’s signature page to this Agreement and any
Joinder shall be redacted to remove the name of such Consenting Creditor and the amount and/or
percentage of Company Claims/Interests held by such Consenting Creditor); provided, however,
that (i) if such disclosure is required by Law, subpoena, or other legal process or regulation, the
disclosing Party shall afford the relevant Consenting Creditor a reasonable opportunity to review
and comment in advance of such disclosure and shall take all reasonable measures to limit such
disclosure, and (ii) the foregoing shall not prohibit the disclosure of the aggregate percentage or
aggregate principal amount of Company Claims/Interests held by all the Consenting Creditors.
36

Notwithstanding the provisions in this Section 12.23, (x) any Party may disclose the identities of
the other parties in any action to enforce this Agreement or in any action for damages as a result
of any breaches hereof, and (y) any Party may disclose, to the extent expressly consented to in
writing by a Consenting Creditor, such Consenting Creditor’s identity and individual holdings.
12.24. No Recourse. This Agreement may only be enforced against the named parties
hereto (and then only to the extent of the specific obligations undertaken by such parties in this
Agreement). All claims or causes of action (whether in contract, tort, equity, or any other theory)
that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution, or
performance of this Agreement, may be made only against the Persons that are expressly identified
as parties hereto (and then only to the extent of the specific obligations undertaken by such parties
herein). No past, present, or future direct or indirect director, manager, officer, employee,
incorporator, member, partner, stockholder, equity holder, trustee, affiliate, controlling person,
agent, attorney, or other representative of any party hereto (including any person negotiating or
executing this Agreement on behalf of a party hereto), nor any past, present, or future direct or
indirect director, manager, officer, employee, incorporator, member, partner, stockholder, equity
holder, trustee, affiliate, controlling person, agent, attorney, or other representative of any of the
foregoing (other than any of the foregoing that is a party hereto) (any such Person, a “No Recourse
Party”), shall have any liability with respect to this Agreement or with respect to any proceeding
(whether in contract, tort, equity, or any other theory that seeks to “pierce the corporate veil” or
impose liability of an entity against its owners or affiliates or otherwise) that may arise out of or
relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution, or performance of this Agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the day
and year first above written.

37

EXHIBIT A
Company Parties
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM, INC.
AIRE RADIO NETWORK, LLC
JUJU MEDIA, INC. (A/K/A SBS INTERACTIVE)
KLAX LICENSING, INC.
KPTI LICENSING, INC. (F/K/A KXJO LICENSING, INC.)
KRZZ LICENSING, LLC
KTBU LICENSING, INC.
KXOL LICENSING, INC.
MEGA MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC. (A/K/A MEGA TV)
MEGAFILMS, INC.
MEGAFLIX, INC.
MEGAHOLDINGS, INC.
MEGAPICS, INC.
SBS BAY AREA, LLC
SBS FUNDING, INC.
SBS MIAMI BROADCAST CENTER, INC.
SBS OF GREATER NEW YORK, INC.
SBS PROMOTIONS, INC. (A/K/A SBS ENTERTAINMENT)
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM FINANCE CORPORATION
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM INC. (NJ) (A/K/A SUPER KQ RADIO & SPANISH
HOLDINGS)
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM OF CALIFORNIA, INC.
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM OF FLORIDA, INC.
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM OF GREATER MIAMI, INC.
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM OF ILLINOIS, INC.
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM OF PUERTO RICO, INC. (DE)
WCMQ LICENSING, INC.
WLEY LICENSING, INC.
WPAT LICENSING, INC.
WRMA LICENSING, INC.
WSBS LICENSING, INC. (F/K/A WDLP LICENSING, INC.)
WSKQ LICENSING, INC.
WXDJ LICENSING, INC.

SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM OF PUERTO RICO, INC. (PR)
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM HOLDING COMPANY, INC.
WRXD LICENSING, INC.
WMEG LICENSING, INC.
ALARCON HOLDINGS, INC.
BROADSPAN MUSIC, INC.
BROADSPAN MUSIC HOLDINGS, INC.
GABRIEL SERIES I, LLC
GABRIEL PRODUCTIONS, LLC
KLEY LICENSING, INC.
KZAB LICENSING, INC.
KZBA LICENSING, INC.
SBS HOUSTON LICENSING, INC.
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM OF SAN ANTONIO, INC.
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM SOUTHWEST, INC.
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM NETWORK, INC.
SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM-SAN FRANCISCO, INC.
WDEK LICENSING, INC.
WKIE LICENSING, INC.
WKIF LICENSING, INC.
WPYO LICENSING, INC.
WSUN LICENSING, INC.
WZET LICENSING, INC.

EXHIBIT B
Restructuring Term Sheet

EXECUTION VERSION

SBS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET
This term sheet sets forth the material terms of a proposed restructuring of the indebtedness of
Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc. (the “Issuer”) and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively with
the Issuer, the “Company”), which will be consummated through a prepackaged or prearranged chapter
11 plan of reorganization or, to the extent provided herein, a sale under section 363 of the Bankruptcy
Code (as defined below) (the foregoing collectively, the “Restructuring”). This term sheet is a settlement
offer for purposes of Rule 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence and any other applicable rule, statute, or
doctrine of similar import, and the undertakings contemplated herein are subject in all respects to the
negotiation, execution, and delivery of definitive documentation consistent with this term sheet and
subject to the consent rights set forth in the restructuring support agreement to which this term sheet is
appended (the “RSA”). This term sheet does not constitute an offer with respect to any securities or a
solicitation of acceptances or rejections as to any chapter 11 plan, it being understood that any such offer
or solicitation will be made in compliance with applicable law.
Overview
Issuer:

Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc.

Chapter 11 Plan:

The Company shall commence chapter 11 cases in the United States
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the “Bankruptcy Court”) unless
otherwise agreed by the Company and the Backstop Parties (as defined
below) and implement the Restructuring through the substantial
consummation of a prepackaged or prearranged chapter 11 plan of
reorganization (the “Plan”), which shall (i) effectuate and facilitate the
economic terms and the non-economic terms set forth in this term sheet and
(ii) otherwise be reasonably acceptable to the Backstop Parties and the
Company, and in furtherance of and not conflict with the terms set forth
herein. The terms and conditions of the Company’s use of cash collateral and
any debtor-in-possession financing (“DIP Financing”) shall be subject to the
consent of the Backstop Parties.

Treatment of Existing
Notes:

Each holder of the Issuer’s 9.750% Senior Secured Notes due 2026
(the “Existing Notes”) shall receive, in full and final satisfaction of its claims in
respect of the Existing Notes, such holder’s pro rata share1 of (i) the new
9.750% Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (the “New Secured Notes”) issued by
the Issuer and (ii) new common stock in the Issuer (the “New Common Stock”)
representing 100.0% of the pro forma common stock of the Issuer, subject to
dilution only by the MIP (as defined below).

Treatment of Other
Claims:

All other claims against any entity comprising the Company shall receive
treatment that complies with chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code,
11 U.S.C. §§ 101-1532 (the “Bankruptcy Code”) and is otherwise acceptable
to the Backstop Parties and the Company; provided that it is anticipated that

1

Each Existing Noteholder’s pro rata share of the New Secured Notes and the New Common Stock shall be equal to
the ratio of (i) the principal amount of Existing Notes held by such holder to (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all
Existing Notes.

1|Page

EXECUTION VERSION

SBS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET
applicable first day motions shall provide that certain critical vendors shall be
paid in accordance with the terms set forth therein.
Treatment of Existing
Preferred Stock and
Existing Common
Stock:

All existing preferred and common stock in the Issuer shall be cancelled and
shall not be entitled to any distribution.

Approved Sale:

If the Backstop Parties elect by notice delivered to the Issuer to pursue an
Approved Sale, (i) the Company shall (unless and until the Backstop Parties
rescind such election in writing) use its commercially reasonable efforts to
pursue and consummate the Approved Sale and (ii) the Plan shall serve as a
“back-up” bid to the Approved Sale.
“Approved Sale” means a binding proposal for a sale or other alternative
transaction, which may be consummated through a chapter 11 plan or sale
pursuant to section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, that contemplates no worse
economic treatment for the Company’s creditors (excluding the holders of
Existing Notes (the “Existing Noteholders”)) than is provided for pursuant to
the terms of the Plan.

Voting Support:

Brigade Capital Management, Bardin Hill Investment Partners and Bayside
Capital (collectively, the “Backstop Parties”) will vote in favor of the Plan.
Terms of New Secured Notes

Aggregate Principal
Amount:

$70 million, or as otherwise agreed by the Backstop Parties and the Company.

New Secured Notes
Coupon:

9.750% per annum.

Call Protection:

None.

New Secured Notes
Maturity:

Four years after the RSA effective date.

Obligors:

The Issuer and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law.

Collateral:

All collateral securing the Existing Notes, plus a new 1st lien security interest
in any previously unencumbered assets identified, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law. Cash to be subject to deposit account control
agreements.
Updated perfection certificate to be provided. Intercreditor considerations to
be discussed in light of expectations in connection with potential DIP
Financing.

Covenants:

The Indenture (the “New Indenture”) governing the New Secured Notes will
contain covenants substantially consistent with those contained in the
2|Page

EXECUTION VERSION

SBS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET
indenture applicable to the Existing Notes (the “Existing Indenture”), subject
to modifications to be determined by the Backstop Parties.
New Financing
DIP FINANCING:

Each Backstop Party shall fund its pro rata share of the DIP Financing and shall
backstop its pro rata share of any shortfall in funding from the other holders
of the Existing Notes Claims, in each case, on a several and not joint basis. The
DIP Financing shall be in a base amount equal to $20,000,000 with an amount
not less than $7,000,000 available on an interim basis. The DIP Financing shall
have an accordion feature under which the Company will be permitted to
draw an incremental amount of up to $10,000,000 upon (i) obtaining the
written consent of the Backstop Parties or (ii) the occurrence of the Sale Pivot
Date. The principal terms of the DIP Financing, which remain subject to
bankruptcy court approval, are set forth on Exhibit 5, it being understood and
agreed that certain additional terms and conditions of the DIP Financing are
to be negotiated among the Backstop Parties and the Company, which terms
and conditions (x) shall be reasonably acceptable to such parties and (y) shall
be consistent with, and in no event contravene, this term sheet or Exhibit 5
hereto.
Other Terms of Restructuring

Forbearance
Agreement:

The Company and the Backstop Parties entered into the forbearance
agreement, dated as of March 6, 2026 (the “Forbearance Agreement”),
pursuant to which the Backstop Parties agreed, and instructed Wilmington
Trust, National Association, as the Trustee and Collateral Agent, to, among
other things, forbear in the exercise of rights and remedies under the Existing
Indenture arising out of the failure to repay the Existing Notes upon their
maturity, subject to the terms and conditions of the Forbearance Agreement.

Conditions Precedent:

The consummation of the Restructuring shall be subject to the following
conditions precedent:
•

the RSA shall not have been terminated and shall remain in full force
and effect;

•

all definitive documents necessary to consummate the Restructuring
shall have been executed by the parties thereto consistent with their
respective consent rights under the RSA, and shall not have been
terminated and shall remain in full force and effect;

•

executive employment agreements with the Issuer, on the one hand,
and each of Raul Alarcon and Richard Lara, on the other hand,
reflecting the terms set forth on Exhibit 2 and otherwise in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to the applicable executive and the
Backstop Parties (the “Executive Employment Agreements”), shall
have been executed by the parties thereto, shall not have been
terminated, shall be assumed under the Plan or by separate motion

3|Page

EXECUTION VERSION

SBS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET
filed with the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to section 365(a) of the
Bankruptcy Code and shall remain in full force and effect;
•

the Company shall have paid all fees and expenses of the advisors to
the ad hoc committee of holders of the Existing Notes (the “Ad Hoc
Committee”);

•

all governmental and third-party approvals and consents that may be
necessary in connection with the Restructuring, including, but not
limited to, all Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”)
approvals related to consummation of the Plan, as applicable, shall
have been obtained, not be subject to unfulfilled conditions, and be
in full force and effect, and all applicable waiting periods shall have
expired without any action being taken or threatened by any
competent authority that would restrain, prevent, or otherwise
impose materially adverse conditions on the Restructuring;

•

there shall not have been instituted or threatened or be pending any
material action, proceeding, application, claim, counterclaim, or
investigation (whether formal or informal) (or there shall not have
been any material adverse development to any action, application,
claim, counterclaim, or proceeding currently instituted, threatened,
or pending) before or by any court, governmental, regulatory or
administrative agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or by
any other person, domestic or foreign, in connection with the
Restructuring that, in the reasonable judgment of the Backstop
Parties, would prohibit, prevent, or restrict consummation of the
Restructuring in an adverse manner; and

•

the Bankruptcy Court shall have entered orders approving the
disclosure statement in respect of the Plan and confirming the Plan,
which orders shall be consistent with this term sheet and otherwise
acceptable to the Backstop Parties, and such orders shall not have
been reversed, stayed, modified, or vacated on appeal.

Governance:

The governance of the reorganized Company, including the identities of the
new members of the board of directors of the reorganized Issuer (the “New
Board”), shall be consistent with the term sheet attached hereto as Exhibit 1
(the “Governance Term Sheet”).

Executive
Compensation and
Other Arrangements:

Arrangements with respect to certain executives of the Company, including
compensation, the post-Restructuring management incentive plan for the
Issuer (the “MIP”) and New Board representation, shall be on the terms set
forth in Exhibit 2.

Releases, Indemnities
and Insurance:

The Plan shall provide, upon consummation of the Restructuring, customary
releases and exculpation provisions for the benefit of all then-current officers,

4|Page

EXECUTION VERSION

SBS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET
managers, and directors of the Company, each in their respective capacities
as such.
The Plan shall also provide, upon consummation of the Restructuring, usual
and customary provisions for the Company to indemnify all then-current
officers, managers, and directors of the Company, each in their respective
capacities as such. The Company’s obligation to indemnify the then-current
managers, directors, and officers, each in their respective capacities as such,
will survive the closing of the Restructuring and the Company will use
commercially reasonable efforts to (i) maintain its existing D&O insurance for
6 years after the closing or (ii) immediately prior to consummation of the
Restructuring, purchase a tail D&O insurance policy for a term of no less than
6 years.
The release, indemnity and insurance provisions herein shall also apply to
Manuel E. Machado, in his capacity as a former director of the Company.
SEC Registration:

The issuance of all securities pursuant to the Restructuring shall be exempt
from SEC registration under applicable law.

Regulatory:

In connection with the pursuit and implementation of the Restructuring, the
Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly: (i)
commence any required regulatory approval processes; (ii) secure regulatory
or other approvals from any applicable governmental entity or unit, including
the FCC and any other applicable federal or state regulators, to the extent
necessary to implement the Restructuring, and (iii) provide real-time progress
reports to the advisors to the Ad Hoc Committee with respect to such
processes.
All actions taken and all transactions entered into in connection with the
Restructuring, including, but not limited to, the New Indenture, shall comply
and be consistent with all applicable FCC rules, orders, and policies.
Pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement and the definitive documentation
implementing the Restructuring, which may include amendments to the
Company’s corporate organizational and governance documents as necessary
for implementation or as otherwise reasonably requested by the Backstop
Parties, from the RSA effective date through the closing of the Restructuring,
(i) disbursements of the Company shall be consistent with a budget approved
by the Backstop Parties (which may be confirmed by email by counsel or the
financial advisor to the Ad Hoc Committee), (ii) the identity of any
replacement director, manager, or similar individual on any board of
directors, board of managers, or similar governing body of any Company
entity shall be reasonably acceptable to the Backstop Parties, and (iii) neither
the Issuer nor any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries shall take any of the
material actions set forth in Exhibit 3 without the prior approval either (x) at
a duly convened meeting of the board of directors, board of managers and/or
other governing body of such entity (such entity’s “Governing Body”) of a
majority of the members of such Governing Body, including the independent,
5|Page

EXECUTION VERSION

SBS RESTRUCTURING TERM SHEET
disinterested director (the “Independent Director”) appointed on March 5,
2026 to such Governing Body, or (y) by unanimous written consent of the
members of such Governing Body, including the Independent Director (the
“Consent Rights”), it being understood that the Consent Rights are intended
to be consistent with FCC rules and policies, and are not intended to give the
Backstop Parties control over programming, personnel, finances, or day-today broadcast operations of the Company or its licensee Subsidiaries, which
shall remain solely with the FCC licensees in compliance with FCC rules and
policies. To the extent the Backstop Parties and the Company determine that
any Consent Rights do, or could reasonably be deemed to, violate FCC rules
or policies, such Consent Rights shall be modified or limited to the minimum
extent necessary to bring such Consent Rights into compliance with FCC rules
and policies, as reasonably determined by the Backstop Parties in consultation
with the Company.
Tax Structure:

The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to implement the
Restructuring in a tax efficient manner as reasonably determined by the
Company and the Backstop Parties.

Governing Law:

The governing law for all applicable documentation (other than any corporate
governance documents) shall be the internal laws of the State of New York
(without regard to its conflict of law principles) and, to the extent applicable,
the Bankruptcy Code.

6|Page

Exhibit 1
Governance Term Sheet

GOVERNANCE TERM SHEET
The following term sheet, which is appended to the SBS Restructuring Term Sheet (the “Transaction
Term Sheet”) of which it forms a part, sets out preliminary and indicative high-level terms regarding
the corporate governance arrangements of Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the “Company”), to be in effect following the consummation of the Restructuring (as defined in the
Transaction Term Sheet).
THIS GOVERNANCE TERM SHEET IS NON-BINDING, NOT EXHAUSTIVE, AND DOES NOT
CONSTITUTE (NOR SHALL IT BE CONSTRUED AS) AN OFFER WITH RESPECT TO ANY
SECURITIES. IT IS UNDERSTOOD THAT SUCH AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION, IF ANY,
WILL BE MADE ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW. NOTHING IN THIS
GOVERNANCE TERM SHEET SHALL CONSTITUTE OR BE CONSTRUED AS AN ADMISSION
OF ANY FACT OR LIABILITY, A STIPULATION OR A WAIVER, AND EACH STATEMENT
CONTAINED HEREIN IS MADE WITHOUT PREJUDICE AND WITH A FULL RESERVATION
OF ALL RIGHTS, REMEDIES, CLAIMS, AND DEFENSES OF EACH PARTY HERETO.
Board Composition:

The Company will be governed by a board of directors (the “Board”), which
will initially consist of five (5) directors. The directors shall be elected
and/or appointed, as the case may be, as follows:
1. Each holder of greater than forty percent (40%) of the common
shares of the Company (the “Common Shares”) shall have the right
to elect and/or appoint, as the case may be, two (2) directors.
2. Each holder of greater than twenty percent (20%) but less than forty
percent (40%) of the Common Shares shall have the right to elect
and/or appoint, as the case may be, one (1) director.
3. The holders of a majority of the Common Shares shall have the
right to elect and/or appoint, as the case may be, one (1) director.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the initial director occupying this
seat (the “Specified Director”) (i) shall, so long as the Bayside
Condition 1 is satisfied, be elected and/or appointed, as the case may
be, by Bayside, and (ii) shall be independent, disinterested and shall
not be a restructuring professional or an investment professional of
Bayside.
4. The Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”) of the Company shall
serve as a director.
At the time of the execution of the RSA to which the Transaction
Term Sheet is appended, the terms immediately above would yield a
Board comprised of five (5) directors pro forma for the consummation of
the Restructuring. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that
subsequent changes in the ownership of the Common Shares (or of the
Existing Notes contemplated to be convertible into such Common Shares)
occur and, as a consequence, the exercise of, as the case may be, the Board
election and/or appointment rights in accordance with the foregoing would
result in an even number of directors serving on the Board, then:

1

“Bayside Condition” means that, as of immediately prior to the consummation of the Restructuring, Bayside
holds not less than eighty-seven and one-half percent (87.5%) of the Existing Notes (as defined in the
Transaction Term Sheet) it held at the time of the execution of the RSA (as defined in the Transaction Term
Sheet) to which the Transaction Term Sheet is appended.

1

a. if the size of the Board was increased by one (1) member as a result
of a holder of Common Shares obtaining the right to elect and/or
appoint, as the case may be, an additional director pursuant to the
foregoing clause (1) or (2), then the holder (together with its
affiliates) holding the largest number of Common Shares among all
holders (together with their respective affiliates) of Common
Shares shall have the right to elect and/or appoint, as the case may
be, one (1) additional director; or
b. if the size of the Board was decreased by one (1) member as a result
of a holder of Common Shares losing the right to elect and/or
appoint, as the case may be, a director pursuant to the foregoing
clause (1) or (2), then the holders of a majority of the Common
Shares shall have the right to elect and/or appoint, as the case may
be, one (1) additional director.
Raúl Alarcón shall serve as the initial CEO following the consummation of
the Restructuring. For so long as Brigade holds not less than the number of
Common Shares equal to thirty-five percent (35%) of the total number of
Common Shares issued and outstanding immediately following the
consummation of the Restructuring, any dismissal of the CEO or
subsequent appointment of any replacement CEO shall, in each case,
require the consent of Brigade, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld.
The chair of the Board will be designated by a simple majority vote of the
members of the Board. Other than the Specified Director, no member of the
Board shall be required to be independent.
Each holder of at least ten percent (10%) of the Common Shares may
designate one unpaid observer to attend all meetings of the Board.
Board Action:

Meetings: The Board will meet at least quarterly. Special meetings of the
Board may be called by at least two (2) directors or the chair on at least
twenty-four (24) hours’ notice.
Quorum: Quorum is established if at least a majority of the total voting
power of the Board is present at a meeting of the Board.
Approval: The Board shall act by majority vote at a meeting at which a
quorum has been established. Each director shall have one (1) vote with
respect to any matter presented to, and voted upon, by the Board. The Board
may act by majority written consent.

Committees of the
Board:

The Board may establish one or more committees of the Board from time
to time (each, a “Committee”). A quorum for each Committee will be
established if at least a majority of the total voting power of the members
of such committee is present at a meeting of the Committee. Each
Committee shall act by a majority of the votes present at a meeting at which
a quorum has been established. Each director shall have one (1) vote with
respect to any matter presented to, and voted upon, by the Committee. Each
Committee may act by majority written consent.

Related Party
Transactions:

All transactions between the Company or any of its subsidiaries, on the one
hand, and any holder of Common Shares (each, a “Holder”) or its affiliates,
on the other hand, not on arms’-length terms will require the approval of a
majority of the disinterested directors (subject to customary exceptions,
2

including for equity issuances subject to the preemptive rights described
below).
Transfer
Restrictions:

Other than in a “company sale,” no transfers to “competitors” (to be
defined) shall be permitted, unless approved by the Board.
Except as set forth above or in connection with a transaction subject to the
drag-along or tag-along rights, no transfer restrictions shall apply other than
limitations on transfers (i) required to comply with securities laws, (ii) that
would require the Company to register securities, (iii) that would require
the Company to register as an “investment company,” or (iv) that would
subject the Company to any regulatory ownership limitations.
All transfer restrictions shall terminate upon an initial public offering of the
Company.

Rollover Equity in
Company Sales:

If, in connection with a “company sale” (to be defined), any holder of
Common Shares is to receive rollover equity, Brigade, Man Group and
Bayside shall have the right to elect to participate in such equity rollover on
a pro rata basis and on the same terms as each other and each other holder
of Common Shares receiving such rollover equity.

Drag-Along Rights:

Holders owning at least a majority of the outstanding Common Shares will
have customary drag-along rights to cause a “company sale” to a bona fide
third-party; provided, that a “company sale” will be subject to customary
restrictions, including that (i) other than with respect to customary
fundamental representations relating to a Holder and its Common Shares
(e.g., a Holder’s status, authority or ownership of its shares), liability for
which shall be borne only by such Holder, liability for dragged Holders with
respect to representations by or with respect to the Company and other
matters relating to the Company should be several and not joint and also
limited to such Holder’s pro rata percentage ownership interest (and the
amount of proceeds received by such Holder), and (ii) dragged Holders
shall not be required to enter into any non-competition undertakings (but
shall be required, if all other non-employee Holders are so required, to enter
into non-solicitation, no-hire, confidentiality and non-disparagement
undertakings).

Tag-Along Rights:

Each Holder holding at least five percent (5%) of the outstanding Common
Shares will have customary pro rata tag-along rights in connection with a
transfer (or series of related transfers) of at least twenty percent (20)% of
the outstanding Common Shares.

Preemptive Rights:

Each Holder holding at least five percent (5%) of the outstanding Common
Shares (each, a “Preemptive Rights Holder”) will have customary pro rata
preemptive rights in connection with issuances by the Company of any
equity securities (including equity-linked securities or securities or other
interests convertible or exchangeable into equity securities) (“Eligible
Interests”) to any person or entity. The Company may issue Eligible
Interests without first offering preemptive rights so long as each Preemptive
Rights Holder is provided with prompt written notice of such issuance and
is thereafter given the opportunity to exercise its preemptive rights within
45 days after the close of such sale.

3

Information Rights:

The Company will provide or make available to each Holder that is not a
competitor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries via an electronic data
room or other electronic medium acceptable to the Majority Holders:
(i)

Within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, audited consolidated
financial statements and financial information as of the end of and for
such year (including an income statement, balance sheet and
statement of cash flows but excluding notes to the financial
statements), together with a Management Discussion and Analysis
(an “MD&A”); and

(ii)

Within 45 days after the end of the first three quarters of each fiscal
year, unaudited consolidated financial statements and financial
information as of the end of and for such quarter and year-to-date
period (including an income statement, balance sheet and statement
of cash flows but excluding notes to the financial statements),
together with an MD&A.

The Company shall also hold quarterly conference calls for Holders within
one (1) business day of the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which the
financial report (each, a “Financial Report”) described above with respect
to the applicable reporting period is first made available to Holders and (ii)
the last date on which the Financial Report with respect to the applicable
reporting period is required to have been made available to Holders.
In addition, the Company shall furnish to the Holders, upon reasonable
request, any information reasonably required by the Holders in connection
with their public reporting or tax reporting obligations, to the extent such
information is reasonably available to the Company. In no event will any
financial information required to be furnished be required to include any
information required by, or to be prepared or approved in accordance with,
or otherwise be subject to, any provision of Section 404 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002 or any rules, regulations, or accounting guidance adopted
pursuant to that section.
Each Holder will be bound by a customary confidentiality undertaking
applicable to all information received from the Company, including in the
data room referred to above (subject to customary exceptions, including an
exception to provide information to prospective transferees and parties
designating managers and observers, subject to customary confidentiality
commitments).
Registration Rights:

Following an IPO, one or more Holders holding (together with their
affiliates and related funds) at least twenty percent (20)% of the outstanding
Common Shares will be entitled to customary demand rights and all Holders
holding (together with their affiliates and related funds) at least five percent
(5%) of the outstanding equity interests will be entitled to customary
piggyback rights after an IPO, subject to customary lockups and underwriter
cut-backs; provided that any underwriter cut-backs in a demand registration
shall be on a pro rata basis among the Holders that elect to participate.
Customary expenses and indemnification provisions will be included as part
of the registration rights.

Indemnification:

All Holders and directors shall be entitled to customary indemnification by
the Company (other than for actions taken in bad faith, gross negligence,
willful misconduct or fraud).
4

Fiduciary Duties:

Members of the Board shall owe fiduciary duties in accordance with
Delaware law except (i) as otherwise provided under “Corporate
Opportunities”; and (ii) that no director (other than directors that are
employees or officers of the Company) shall be personally liable to the
Company or any stockholder for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
duty except where the acts or omissions of such director would constitute
for purposes of §102(b)(7) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (A) a
breach of such director’s duty of loyalty to the Company; (B) acts or
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of law; or (C) a transaction in which such director
derived an improper personal benefit.

Corporate
Opportunities:

The Holders that are institutional investment funds and their affiliated
directors shall have no obligation to present corporate opportunities to the
Company, or to refrain from competition with the Company.

Amendments:

Amendments to the definitive documentation governing the arrangements
set forth herein and any organizational document of the Company (the
foregoing collectively, the “Equity Documents”) must be approved by the
Board and by the Holders holding a majority of the outstanding Common
Shares; provided that (i) amendments that materially disproportionately and
adversely affect a particular Holder or group of Holders in a manner
different than other similarly-situated Holders in their capacity as Holders
will require the approval of such impacted Holder or the Holders owning a
majority of the outstanding Common Shares owned by such impacted group
of Holders, as the case may be, and (ii) amendments that modify the rights
included herein, including but not limited to, tag-along rights, preemptive
rights, information rights and transferability, will require the approval of
Holders whose applicable rights would be adversely affected as a result of
the proposed amendment.

Governing Law:

The Equity Documents will be governed by Delaware law.

5

Exhibit 2
Executive Arrangements

Exhibit 3
Material Actions
1. sell or otherwise dispose of any assets in a transaction or a series of transactions having a fair
market value of $50,000 or greater;
2. authorize, create, or issue any additional equity interests, other than to the extent necessary to
implement the transactions contemplated by the RSA and solely in connection with such
implementation;
3. amend any organizational or corporate governance documents in a manner that is materially
inconsistent with the RSA or any definitive documentation contemplated thereby;
4. purchase, lease, or otherwise acquire (by merger, exchange, consolidation, acquisition of stock
or assets, or otherwise) any assets or properties, other than in the ordinary course of business;
5. (a) enter into any merger with or into, or consolidation or amalgamation with, any other person,
other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) permit any other person to enter into any
merger with or into, or consolidation or amalgamation with, any Company entity, other than in
the ordinary course of business, (c) form any new subsidiary, or (d) enter into any joint venture,
partnership, sharing of profits, or other similar arrangement involving co-investment between
any Company entity and any other person, other than in the ordinary course of business;
6. (a) redeem, make, or declare any dividends, distributions, or other payments on account of any
equity interests, (b) make any transfers (whether by dividend, distribution, or otherwise) to any
direct or indirect parent entity or shareholder, including on account of any management,
advisory, or similar fees, or (c) make any payments or transfers (whether by dividend,
distribution, or otherwise) on account of any management or similar agreement;
7. take, adopt, or implement a material change to any Company entity’s sales strategy or other
material operational changes with respect to any Company entity, provided that nothing herein
shall be deemed to grant any control over programming, personnel, or day-to-day broadcast
operations, which shall remain solely with the FCC licensees in compliance with FCC rules;
8. take, adopt, or implement a material change in the relationship with, or settlement with respect
to, any material counterparty;
9. enter into, renew, modify, amend, or waive in any material respect any material contract, other
than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
10. enter into any related-party transaction;
11. enter into, or renew, any contract that restricts the ability of any Company entity to compete
with, or conduct, any business or line of business in any geographic area, or that grants any
counterparty any exclusive right or right of first refusal;
12. (a) enter into any settlement regarding any debt for borrowed money, (b) enter into any
material agreement or other legal settlement, other than in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, (c) amend, supplement, modify, or terminate any contract or

agreement in a manner that would cause a cash impact to the Company of $25,000 or more, or
(d) allow or permit any contract or agreement that has a value of $25,000 or more to expire
prior to its stated termination date or otherwise in accordance with its terms;
13. enter into any contract with respect to debtor-in-possession financing, cash collateral usage, exit
financing, or other financing arrangements that is contrary to the terms of the RSA;
14. except in accordance with the RSA or in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
practice, (a) incur any indebtedness, (b) guarantee any indebtedness of any entity involving
amounts greater than $50,000 in principal amount in the aggregate across all such transactions,
or (c) incur liens or otherwise grant security in respect of any such indebtedness;
15. make any change in any method of financial accounting or financial accounting practice, policy,
or procedure, other than as may be appropriate to conform to changes in United States
generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time (or any interpretation
thereof) after the RSA effective date or as may be required by changes in applicable law after
the RSA effective date;
16. select, retain, appoint, or terminate individuals to key management positions or other positions
with annual compensation greater than $100,000, including entry into any employment
agreements or incentive arrangements with such individuals;
17. (a) grant to any employee, officer, director, or consultant of the Company (each a “Service
Provider”) any increase in base salary, wages, bonuses, or other incentive compensation, other
than in the ordinary course of business in connection with a new hire or promotion based on job
performance and which, in the case of increases granted in connection with a promotion based
on job performance, will not exceed $100,000 per individual and $1,000,000 in the aggregate
(excluding any applicable annual merit-based increases provided in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice), (b) grant to any Service Provider any new, or increase
any existing, change in control, retention, severance, or termination pay, (c) issue, deliver, sell,
pledge, encumber, or grant any equity or equity-based awards to any Service Provider, (d) fund
any rabbi trust or similar arrangement or otherwise secure funding for any benefit plan or
benefit agreement, (e) take any action that would incur any liability or obligation under the
Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1998 or any similar state, local or foreign
law which calls for advance notification, wage or benefits continuation in the event of layoffs,
closure or all or part of a business or operation, or relocation of work, or (f) grant or forgive any
loans to any Service Provider (other than the grant of loans for travel and business expenses, in
each case, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and which will not
exceed $10,000 for any individual);
18. with respect to any employee or director qualifying as an “insider” under section 101(31) of the
Bankruptcy Code (an “Insider Employee”), enter into or materially amend, establish, adopt,
restate, supplement, terminate, or otherwise materially modify or accelerate (a) any deferred
compensation, incentive, success, retention, bonus, or other compensatory arrangements,
programs, practices, plans, or agreements, including, without limitation, offer letters,
employment agreements, consulting agreements, severance arrangements, or change in control
arrangements with or for the benefit of any such Insider Employee, or (b) any contracts,

arrangements, or commitments that entitle any such Insider Employee to indemnification from
any Company entity, in each case other than (i) with respect to ordinary course hires, (ii) with
respect to ordinary course adjustments to salary and benefits, or (iii) with respect to the
execution of engagement letters with independent directors consistent with the RSA;
19. assign, sell, lease, license, dispose, cancel, abandon, grant rights to, or fail to renew, maintain, or
diligently pursue applications for, or defend, any rights with respect to any of the following: (a)
patents and patent applications, inventions, utility models and industrial designs, and all
applications and issuances therefor, together with all reissuances, divisions, renewals, revisions,
extensions, reexaminations, provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part with respect
thereto; (b) trademarks, trade names, service marks, trade dress, taglines, social media
identifiers and related accounts, brand names, logos and corporate names, together with the
goodwill associated with any of the foregoing, and all applications, registrations, and renewals
therefor; (c) internet domain names and other computer identifiers; (d) copyrights, applications,
and registrations therefor; (e) software; (f) trade secrets, know-how, inventions, processes,
procedures, databases, confidential business information, and other proprietary information
and rights; and (g) all other intellectual property rights of any kind or nature;
20. (a) assign, transfer, lease, sub-lease, or cancel any permit or license, (b) allow any permit or
license to lapse, expire, terminate, or be revoked, suspended, or adversely modified, (c) suffer
any material fine, penalty, or other sanctions related to any permit or license, or (d) discontinue
any service or operations that require prior regulatory approval for discontinuance,
21. compromise, settle, or agree to settle any claim, suit, action, hearing, litigation, administrative
charge, investigation, arbitration, or other material proceeding (whether civil, criminal,
administrative, or investigative) in a manner which (a) constitutes or results in injunctive relief
or other non-monetary relief that would impose any restriction on the operations of any
Company entity, (b) constitutes a criminal violation, or (c) results in monetary liability in excess
of $100,000, individually or in the aggregate with any related claims;
22. (a) commence any proceeding or other action that challenges (i) the amount, validity,
allowance, character, enforceability, or priority of any Existing Notes, or (ii) the validity,
enforceability, or perfection of any lien or other encumbrance securing (or purporting to secure)
any Existing Notes, (b) otherwise seek to restrict any rights of any holder of Existing Notes; or (c)
support or encourage any person in connection with any of the acts described the foregoing
clauses;
23. except for any action related to any consolidated tax return, the effect of which is not material
to the business of the Company, (a) change any material tax election, tax practice or procedure,
or tax accounting method, (b) settle or compromise any material tax claim, audit, or assessment
or enter into any closing agreement under section 7121 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (or any similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. tax law), (c) consent to an
extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any material tax claim or assessment
(other than an ordinary course extension of time to file tax returns), (d) file any material
amended tax return (other than any tax returns with respect to sales tax or property tax
amended in the ordinary course of business), (e) initiate any material voluntary tax disclosure,

or (f) file or relinquish any claim for material tax refunds, in each to the extent such action would
reasonably increase the tax liabilities of the Company;
24. authorize any filing or acquiescence to any filing under bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws;
25. take, adopt, or implement any material action or position with respect to the Internal Revenue
Service, other than in the ordinary course of business; or
26. take any action that would impair any Company entity’s tax attributes.

Exhibit 4
Necessary Related Parties

Exhibit 5
DIP Term Sheet

PRELIMINARY DRAFT – SUBJECT TO SUBSTANTIAL MODIFICATION
SUBJECT TO FRE 408 & ITS EQUIVALENTS

SBS DIP Terms
Term

Description

Borrower

Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc.

Guarantors

All of Borrower’s direct and indirect existing and subsequently organized or acquired subsidiaries

DIP Lenders

Backstop Parties and each holder of Existing Notes that elects to participate in the DIP Financing

Syndication Process

Opportunity to participate in the DIP Financing shall be made available to each Existing Noteholder
(provided that such Existing Noteholder signs and remains in compliance with the Restructuring Support
Agreement) on a pro rata basis according to its holdings of Existing Notes, subject to a syndication
process to be agreed between the Company and the Backstop Parties. Any Backstop Party / DIP Lender
may allocate its backstop or DIP commitments to any of its Affiliates

Collateral and Priority

All assets of the Debtors and their estates, including cash, contracts, receivables, real estate, equity
interests, and (subject to entry of the Final DIP Order) proceeds of avoidance actions

Commitment

• Base Amount: $20MM
• Accordion: $10MM (and together with the Base Amount, the “Committed Amount”), available to be
drawn with the written consent of the Backstop Parties or upon the occurrence of the Sale Pivot Date

Maturity Date

The earliest to occur of (a) December 31, 2026 (which shall be extended for an additional 90 days to the
extent that the only remaining condition precedent to the Effective Date is regulatory approval and
otherwise shall be extendable by a supermajority of the DIP Lenders to as late as March 31, 2027), (b) the
Effective Date, and (c) the occurrence of customary events of default (including, among others, the
occurrence of a Termination Event under Sections 9.01, 9.04, or 9.05 of the Restructuring Support
Agreement)

Interest Rate

9.75% per annum, payable monthly in cash

Default Interest Rate

2.0% per annum above the otherwise applicable rate, payable monthly in cash

Premiums

• Backstop Premium: 2.5% of the Committed Amount, payable only to the Backstop Parties (PIK) in full
upon the initial funding of the DIP Financing
• Commitment Premium: 2.0% of the Committed Amount (PIK) in full upon the initial funding of the DIP
Financing
• Exit Premium: 2.0% of the Committed Amount (paid in cash if the DIP Financing is repaid in cash or
PIK if the DIP Financing converts to takeback paper)
Results.
Period.
Debtors shall pay all expenses incurred by any of the DIP Agent, DIP Lenders, and the Ad Hoc
Committee

Expenses

TM

within 3 days of delivery of such party’s invoices

1

PRELIMINARY DRAFT – SUBJECT TO SUBSTANTIAL MODIFICATION
SUBJECT TO FRE 408 & ITS EQUIVALENTS

SBS DIP Terms (Continued)
Term

Description

DIP Budget

•
•

Covenants

•
•

•
Treatment at Exit

•
•

Updated 13-week budget to be delivered to the Ad Hoc Committee every 2 weeks and subject to
approval by the Backstop Parties
Variance reporting weekly, with variance testing initially on a 4-week basis, then thereafter on a 2week cumulative basis (20% cushion on receipts and 10% cushion on disbursements, respectively)
Minimum liquidity of $3MM
Typical covenants, reps and events of default for facilities of this type, including prohibition on
incurring debt or liens, making investments, assets sales, dividends/distributions, debt prepayments
and any other discretionary action beyond those necessary to operate the business in the ordinary
course
The making of any payments or disbursements to be subject to the DIP budget
Repaid in full in cash upon the Maturity Date (and no partial prepayments permitted); or
Converts on the Effective Date into takeback paper, which shall be (i) senior to the New Secured
Notes in right of payment and with respect to liens and (ii) unless elected otherwise by the Backstop
Parties in writing, incremental to the New Secured Notes

Results. Period.

TM

2

EXHIBIT C
Form of Joinder

JOINDER
With respect to the Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of [•], as the same has been
or may be hereafter amended, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with
the provisions thereof (the “Agreement”), the undersigned (the “Joinder Party”):
(1) becomes and shall be treated for all purposes under the Agreement as a Consenting
Creditor with respect to (i) all Company Claims/Interests that the Joinder Party holds
and (ii) the Transferred Company Claims/Interests (if applicable) to the same extent
the transferor was bound by the Agreement;
(2) agrees to be subject to and bound by all of the terms of the Agreement, a copy of which
is attached to this Joinder as Annex 1 (as such terms may be amended from time to
time in accordance with the terms thereof) and by the vote of the transferor with respect
to any Transferred Company Claims/Interests (subject to the terms of the Agreement),
if the transferor of the Company Claims/Interests voted on the Plan before the
effectiveness of the Transfer of the Company Claims/Interests to be Transferred in
connection with the execution of this Joinder; and
(3) is deemed, without further action, to make to the other Parties as of the date hereof the
representations and warranties that the Consenting Creditors make in Section 7 and
Section 8 of the Agreement.
The Joinder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the
State of New York, without regard to any conflicts of law provisions which would require the
application of the law of any other jurisdiction.
Capitalized terms used in this Joinder but not otherwise defined shall have the respective
meanings set forth in the Agreement. The Agreement shall control over any provision in this
Joinder that is inconsistent with the Agreement.
Date Executed:
______________________________________
Name:
Title:
Address:
E-mail address(es):
Aggregate Principal Amounts Beneficially Owned or Managed on Account of:
Existing Notes Claims

Cleansing Materials
April 2026

Commentary
• FY26 Guidance
– High case: $122.5mm net revenue, $22.8mm EBITDA
– Low case: $118.4mm net revenue, $18.0mm EBITDA

• As of 12/31/25, outstanding accounts receivable totaled $29.0mm

2

Financial Exhibits
Monthly Cash Flow Forecast
($US millions)

Estimates
Feb-26E

Beginning Cash Balance
(+/-) Net Cash Flow
Ending Cash Balance

$10.0
0.5
$10.6

Monthly Cash Flow Forecast
($US millions)

Mar-26E

Apr-26E

$10.6
15.5
$26.0

May-26E

$26.0
(1.3)
$24.7

$24.7
1.3
$26.0

FY25A

Jun-26E
$26.0
2.1
$28.1

Estim
Jul-26E
$28.1
1.1
$29.3

Aug-26E
$29.3
(8.5)
$20.7

Sep-26E
$20.7
1.0
$21.8

Oct-26E
$21.8
0.4
$22.2

Estimates
Nov-26E

Beginning Cash Balance
(+/-) Net Cash Flow
Ending Cash Balance

Dec-26E

$22.2
0.6
$22.8

$22.8
(0.4)
$22.4

Summary P&L
($US millions)

1Q25A

2Q25A

3Q25A

4Q25A

Net Revenue
Radio
Digital
TV
Total Net Revenue

$23.7
2.7
1.1
$27.6

$30.1
3.2
1.2
$34.4

$26.4
3.8
1.1
$31.3

$28.9
3.0
1.5
$33.4

$109.2
12.6
4.8
$126.6

Operating Expenses
Radio
Digital
TV
Total Operating Expenses

20.7
1.9
1.8
$24.4

22.1
2.1
1.6
$25.9

17.9
2.1
1.4
$21.4

22.0
2.3
1.6
$25.9

82.8
8.4
6.4
$97.6

Corporate Expenses
Consolidated Adj. EBITDA (1)
% Margin

(2.3)
$0.9
3.3%

(2.3)
$6.2
18.1%

(1.9)
$7.9
25.3%

(2.2)
$5.2
15.6%

(8.8)
$20.3
16.0%

Note: 2025 and 2026 figures are preliminary and based on unaudited internally reported data
(1) Excludes stock-based compensation.

3

Financial Exhibits (Cont.)
Top Customers Over Time

Revenue

($US millions)

FY23A

FY24A

FY25A

Customer 1
Customer 2
Customer 3
Customer 4
Customer 5
Customer 6
Customer 7
Customer 8
Customer 9
Customer 10
Other Customers
Total Revenue (Excl. AIRE)
AIRE Radio Networks
Total Revenue

$3.4
4.2
2.0
0.8
2.1
0.7
1.3
1.3
–
0.9
141.3
$158.0
12.6
$170.6

$6.4
4.6
2.1
2.5
1.9
2.5
1.7
1.3
1.6
1.2
130.5
$156.2
12.9
$169.1

$2.3
1.6
2.8
2.3
1.5
1.3
1.4
1.6
1.7
1.2
108.4
$126.2
12.5
$138.6

Top-10 as % of Total Revenue

10%

15%

13%

Key Unpaid Amounts as of 1/15/26
($US thousands)
Vendor 1 (1)
Vendor 2
Vendor 3
Vendor 4
Vendor 5
Vendor 6
Vendor 7
Vendor 8
Vendor 9
Vendor 10
Other Selected Vendors (85 Accounts)
Total Key Unpaid Vendors

Total Due
$1,581.0
970.8
892.0
800.0
800.0
505.7
483.5
361.1
350.0
280.2
2,096.1
$9,120.4

Note: 2025 and 2026 figures are preliminary and based on unaudited internally reported data
(1) For the period of 2026 through 2028, there are approximately $15mm in total contractual payments due to Vendor 1.

4

